hey man , you wanna buy some weed ?
weed ! you know ? pot , ganja , mary jane some chronic !
i also have blow if you prefer to do a few lines .
come on man ! i even got dope and acid ! try some !
i got my connections ! just tell me what you want and i ' ll even give you one ounce for free .
yeah ?
some what ?
oh , umm , no thanks .
no , i am ok , really .
do you really have all of these drugs ? where do you get them from ?
sounds good ! let ' s see , i want .
i want you to put your hands behind your head ! you are under arrest !
the taxi drivers are on strike again .
they want the government to reduce the price of the gasoline .
what for ?
it is really a hot potato .
we've managed to reduce our energy consumption in our factory by about 15 per cent in the last two years .
mainly because we've invested in a heat recovery system .
well , we use the exhaust gases from our printing presses to provide energy to heat our dryers .
we don't use any fossil fuels . most of our power comes from hydro-electric plants . we're hoping to use even more energy from alternative sources in the future - perhaps even wind power .
that's excellent . how have you managed that ?
what does that mean exactly ?
what other sources of energy do you use ?
believe it or not , tea is the most popular beverage in the world after water .
right . and china is the homeland of tea .
do you know there are several catagories of chinese tea ?
well , have you ever heard of oulong tea and compressed tea ?
you surely know a lot about chinese tea .
oh , so do i .
great . we can chat while enjoying a cup there .
well , people from asia to europe all enjoy tea .
yes , chinese people love drinking tea so much . some even claim they can't live without tea .
yes , i believe there are green teas , black teas and scented teas . any others ?
oh , yeah . oulong tea is good for one's health . isn't it ?
sure , i like drinking tea at teahouses .
why don't we go for one now ?
let's go !
what are your personal weaknesses ?
are you more of a leader or a follower ?
do you think you can make yourself easily understood in english ?
are you available for travel ?
i ' m afraid i ' m a poor talker . i ' m not comfortable talking with the people whom i have just met for the first time . that is not very good for business , so i have been studying public speaking .
i don ' t try to lead people . i ' d rather cooperate with everybody , and get the job done by working together .
yes , in most circumstances .
yes , i like travelling . i am young , and unmarried . it ' s no problem for me to travel frequently .
how long will it take us to drive to london ?
that ' s unless there is a traffic jam . it could take three hours .
so , shall we allow three hours to cover the distance ?
no . let me take a look ... it ' s longer than my car .
wow ! that ' s fast ! i don ' t think we will be traveling that fast on the motorway .
i think it ' s a distance of 180 kilometers from here to london , so it should be a two-hour drive on the motorway .
you ' re right . we will be able to travel at high speeds at the beginning and end of the journey , because we will be in built-up areas .
ok . you haven ' t seen my company car , have you ?
i think it ' s over five meters long . i can ' t remember exactly . it has a maximum speed of over 200 kilometers an hour .
we can ' t . if we went that fast , we would break the speed limit .
so how did i do on my driving test ?
of course , i do .
how bad did i do ?
how ?
what were they ?
can i have another try ?
do you want the truth ?
well , you really didn't do all that well .
to be completely honest , you failed your test .
there were a number of reasons .
basically , you just can't drive .
you can take it in a couple weeks .
good morning . what's the matter with you ?
all right , young man . tell me how it got started .
don't worry , young man . lat me give you an examination . first let me take a look at your throat . open your mouth and say'ah ' .
your throat is inflamed . and your tongue is heavily coated . you have all the symptoms of influenza .
a good rest is all you need , and drink more water . i'll write you a prescription .
good morning , doctor . i have a terrible headache .
yesterday i had a runny nose . now my nose is stuffed up . i have a sore throat . and i ' m afraid i've got a temperature . i feel terrible .
ah .
what am i supposed to do then ?
thank you very much .
my dear , what's for supper ?
what about soup ?
which condiment do you use for ?
very good , need i help you ?
thanks . i can watch tv now .
okay , i'll do it next time .
red cooked carp and rape with fresh mushrooms .
sour-peppery soup .
i'll use ginger , garlic scallion , hot pepper and vinegar .
no , don't need , i can do myself .
but you must cook that dinner next time .
hello , this is mike , kara .
everything is fine , and how are you ?
kara , i had fun the other night at the movies and was wondering if you would like to go out again this friday .
maybe we could just meet for coffee or something .
mike ! good to hear from you . how are you ?
things are going well with me .
mike , i don't think that it's a good idea to go out again . i really need to focus on getting packed and ready to move back home .
i can't really deal with any distractions right now , but i appreciate the nice evening we spent together .
sun-set hotel . may i help you ?
hold on , please . let me check it for you . yes , you're right . you will keep it for 3 days .
ok , that shall be arranged .
yes , i have booked a room for 24th . it's a double room .
well , now i want to change the date from 24th to 28th .
are you busy tomorrow morning ?
someone has to pick up the boss at the airport .
i'm free . what's up ?
oh , i just remembered i've got a report to write .
i'm sorry i'm so late . i had a really bad day .
i know . i know . i'm really sorry . i lost my bag .
i didn't think of it . thank you . and i do apologize for being late .
it's ten after six . we ' re late . but dinner is at six thirty .
i'll call the lost and found office .
nani book store . how can i help you ?
yes , we have one copy left .
do you have the ' the man and the sea ' by ernest hemingway ?
can you hold it for me ?
do you have maps of downtown area ?
how much is it ?
thanks so much .
yes , here you are .
it's free of charge .
hi there , i want to reserve a hotel room .
sure , john sandals .
my plans are to be there april 14th to the 17th .
well , it depends on the price , of course . what is it ?
i have no problem with that .
definitely nonsmoking . i can't handle that smell .
no problem .
of course ! it's area code 626-555-1739 .
no problem at all . could i have your full name , please ?
hi , mr . sandals . i'm michelle , at your service . when do you need the room ?
we have new room rates , sir . will that be acceptable to you ?
it's $ 308 a night .
great ! would you prefer smoking or nonsmoking ?
nonsmoking . now , is a queen-size bed okay ?
great , mr . sandals . your reservation is confirmed . now all i need is your phone number .
thank you so much , mr . sandals . we look forward to seeing you !
could i have my bill , please ?
i'm afraid there's been a mistake .
i believe you have charged me twice for the same thing . look , the figure of 6 . 5 dollar appears here , then again here .
certainly , sir .
i'm sorry , sir . what seems to be the trouble ?
i'll just go and check it for you , sir .
good evening , madam . can i help you ?
anything wrong with it ?
oh , how awful ! may i have a look at the invoice ?
well . please accept our sincere apologies , i'll be glad to change it for another one if you wish .
we're sorry that this has happened , and i guarantee that the same mistake won't happen again .
yes . i bought this sheet here yesterday .
yes . when i spread it out back home , i found this hole .
here it is .
that's very kind of you . thank you .
i need to buy some flowers for my wife .
what would the roses cost me ?
i like the sound of that .
a dozen will be fine .
no , thank you .
perhaps you'd be interested in red roses .
they're only $ 20 a dozen .
yes , that is today's sale price .
is there anything else you'd like to get ?
these roses should make your wife very happy .
room service , is there anything i can do for you ?
well , we have 6 for each room .
ok sir , please wait a minute .
yes , i am afraid there are not enough outlets .
yes , but 4 of them are broken . can you send someone here ?
why'd you pull me over ?
i ran a red light ?
i apologize , but i didn't realize that i did .
i did learn that .
i don't know what to tell you .
i understand .
are you aware that you drove through a red light ?
yes , you did .
weren't you taught that yellow means slow down , not speed up ?
so , then why did you speed up ?
i'm going to have to write you a ticket .
here you go . don't do that again .
can i have the roll of film developed here ?
here is the film . can i get my pictures tomorrow ?
besides i want two copies of all the photos .
surely of course .
sure .
tell me a little bit about yourself , please .
would you tell me something about your family ?
my name is dunlin and i live in beijing . i was born in 1980 . i will graduate from peking university this july . i have majored in accounting .
there are three in my family , my parents and myself . my father is a teacher and my mother is a worker .
i really need to start eating healthier .
what kind of food do you usually eat ?
is that really all that you eat ?
how do you stick to only those foods ?
yeah , i know , but what about the chicken ?
that does sound pretty good .
i have to start eating better too .
i try my best to eat only fruits , vegetables , and chicken .
that's basically it .
actually , fruits and veggies are really good for you .
i mainly eat baked chicken , because there's not a lot of fat .
i know it does , and that's because it is .
good afternoon ! can i help you ?
this way , please . here they are . they're all handmade .
of course . the fitting room is right over there .
l'm sorry . all the black of that size are sold out . would you like a red one ?
oh , that suits you very well . besides it is believed in china that the red color brings happiness and good luck .
our pleasure . please fill out this form , leaving your address and telephone number .
let me see ...
could you show me where the chinesc-style clothing is located ? i want to buy a silk coat .
oh , they look nice . may i try that black one on ?
do you have a medium in the same color ? this one is a little tight .
ok . let me try it on . what do you think ?
really ? i'ii take it and i'm leaving here tomorrow . is it possible for you to send one in black to me by mail when you get it in ?
thanks . how much would that come to ?
how are you today ?
can i help you ?
i ' m sorry , but you won ' t be able to view it today .
you have to make an appointment first .
is this friday okay ?
yes , i will schedule you for that time .
great , thanks .
i would actually like to view the apartment for rent today .
why not ?
oh , okay . can i do that right now ?
is 6 o ' clock friday evening okay ?
thank you very much . see you then .
today i want to invite you to talk about insurance you ' re interested in .
of course . a two-week paid vacation a year , a five-day workweek .
yes , all the insurance will be linked with your work . we will issue an insurance policy .
thank you . i wonder whether i can enjoy the life insurance and health insurance .
good . anything else ?
next , please . hello , may i help you , sir ?
ok , it comes four dollars twenty cents .
here is your change . please wait for your receipt of the registered mail .
let me see . en .. just a minute . here it is . i need your signature on this note .
drop it in the mail box mark out of town . at that corner .
you ' re welcome .
yes , i want to send a registered airmail letter to france .
here is five dollars .
i also want to pack up my package . this is the notes .
oh , one more thing , where can i mail this letter ?
thank you very much .
we really were lucky . we got the last available table for two---and we didn't even have a reservation ! did you see the long lines behind us ?
let's take a look at the menu so we can order . do you want to choose an appetizer for us to share ?
i heard that one of their specialities is the samosa .
sounds good . what are you going to have for your main course ?
what's in a dahl ?
that sounds nice . do you want to share some kebabs as well ?
that's my favourite . do you want to have some wine or beer ?
ok , shall i flag down the waitress ?
you're right . that might seem a bit rude . it's a good thing i've got you with me !
yeah , i'm glad that we didn't have to wait long . i'm starving !
what would you rather have , samosas or poppadoms ?
well , let's get a plate of those then .
i think i might have a dahl .
it's got chickpeas and vegetables in a spicy curry sauce with rice .
ok . how about some lamb kebabs ?
i think i'll have a beer .
i wouldn't recommend it . i think we should wait until she comes round .
what would you do without me ?
this position demands a higher writing ability , so please say something about your writing ability .
of course . i've loved writing since i was a very little boy . i won the first prize in a national composition contest when i was in middle school . after attending nanjing university , i never give up writing . my works , such as father's tobacco pipe , open air cinema , the old city were respectively published china youth daily , yangzi evening news , and new beijing . during the period of studying for my degrees of master and doctor , i paid more attention to developing my research ability and published several papers . the impact of internet in chinese political participation , the discipline of remold , the historical direction of chinese administration reform , bribery cases of self governance in chinese villages are respectively published in chinese publish administration , beijing due xuebao , theory and society and chinese reform . i joined in yangzi evening news to work as a part-time journalist in 2006 . during this period , i've written a lot of comments , which improved my writing ability to a new level , i have full confidence in my writing ability , and i believe i can do the job well .
pompous . how may i help you ?
how large a group are you expecting ?
would you like to reserve a private dining room ?
all right . may i have your name , sir ?
yes , i'd like to reserve a table for dinner .
six couples .
that sounds like a good idea .
my name is ron kollwitz .
ms . wang , this is mr . cooper , president of ivy publishing .
nice to meet you , ms . wang . you must be exhausted after your long trip from canada .
it's nice to meet you , mr . cooper .
yes , it was quite a long flight . i'm glad to finally be here .
can you help me now ?
that'll be too late .
i did , but he wasn't able to either .
no , but i'll be able to tomorrow .
why don't you ask bill if he can help ?
have you got any experience in advertising ?
do you have any practical experience as a secretary ?
would you tell me the essential qualities a secretary should maintain ?
have you had any experience with computer ?
that's fine . what about operating the fax and duplicator ?
what have you learned from jobs you have held ?
very good .
yes , i have been working in the public relations section of a company in the past two years . i plan the advertising campaign and cooperate the work of artists and typographers . sometimes i have to do the work of a specialist when there ' s something urgent .
yes , sir . i acted as a secretary in an insurance company .
well , to begin with , i would say she needs to be diligent , and the second point is that she has to do a lot of things on her own initiative . finally , she can make notes in shorthand and types and has the skills in report writing , summary writing , keep minutes at meetings , and so on . most important of all is that she seems to have a better memory than average .
yes , i studied in a computer training program , and can process data through the computer .
i can handle them without any trouble
above all , i have learned that what is good for the company is good for me . so i follow the instructions strictly and always keep my boss informed .
hi , dan . what's new ?
i went to salt lake city on business . what's up ?
how come ? last time i saw you . you told me it was a good job , and you'd like to take it as a career . that was only one month ago . why this sudden change ?
what are you going to do now ?
that's not the way to solve the problem . did you look in the classified advertisements column ?
listen . i will see what i can do , ok ? you go home and tell lily about this problem you have now . she is your wife and i am sure she will understand .
where have you been ? i've been trying to get in touch with you for two days .
i got fired .
it's a long story . in a word , i didn't do a good job of it . i messed up a business deal , a deal that would have made ten million dollars and i messed it up .
i am trying to find a job asap . lily doesn't know yet . i didn't tell her . i spent the past three days at the coffee shop next to your office , and she thought i went to work as usual .
yes , i did . but i wasn't qualified for most of the jobs that i was interested in .
i just don't know how to bring it up . well , all right . she has the right to know anyways .
have you ever gotten a parking ticket ?
i got a ticket yesterday .
i parked in the red zone .
i needed to get something really quick .
at my apartment building .
i needed to be fast .
i've never gotten one . have you ?
really ? what did you get one for ?
why did you do that ?
where did you park at ?
don't you have your own parking spot ?
that was very lazy of you .
how may i help you ?
what problem are you having ?
do you have the statement for your card ?
what are the charges you ' re referring to ?
i ' m afraid we ' re going to have to investigate these charges .
i honestly don ' t know , but we will freeze payment on these charges .
i ' m having a problem .
there have been charges made on my debit card that i didn ' t make .
here it is .
the last four charges on the page .
how long will an investigation take ?
that sounds absolutely fantastic .
good afternoon . can i be of service ?
yes , of course . we have treasury notes with two , three and five-year terms available .
ok , could i take a look at some id please , like a passport ?
no , i'm afraid that isn't possible . you must wait until maturity before you cash them .
i don't know . can i purchase treasury certificates here at this counter ?
two years is fine , with a value of 1,000 rib .
here you go . by the way , is it possible to cash them before the maturity comes up ?
hey . why did you take that money ? you are such a cheater ! i should send you to jail !
well you can ' t just take the money . you have to ask the bank for money . and i ' m the banker .
yes ...
sure . here you are , $ 200 , thank you , please come again ! now it ' s my turn to roll the dice .
i am not cheating . when you pass go , you collect $ 200 , everyone knows that !
banker ?
can i have my $ 200 please ?
hi , is this professor clark ' s office ?
hi , this is kalina from your morning literature class .
i had a skydiving accident over the weekend and won ' t be able to come to school today .
i broke my leg , but it is healing .
i should be able to return by next monday .
this is professor clark speaking .
yes , what can i do for you ?
my goodness ! are you ok ?
how long will you be out of class ?
fine . well , thanks for calling and letting me know you will be absent . i hope you feel better soon .
good afternoon ! did you call for a plumber ?
i see . let me have a look . it seems that your toilet is clogged , and that ' s why it won ' t flush . let me just get my plunger . no , that ' s not working either . i suspect that there ' s some sort of foreign object in the pipes that ' s causing a blockage . that ' s what ' s making your toilet overflow .
yeah , i have a little one myself . anyway , these water pipes are really rusty , so they also should be changed . thatcould be causing water to not drain completely , that might lead to more problems in the future . i would also suggest fixing this faucet that isn ' t shutting off properly . i could have it all finished by today if it ' s urgent .
let ' s see ... i would say about eight hundred dollars .
yes , yes i did . please come in ! i ' m so glad you came ! this old house is falling apart ! come on into the bathroom . see , here , there ' s water leaking everywhere !
oh , that must be because of my four-year-old daughter . she is always flushing things down the toilet . you know how kids are .
that would be great ! is it expensive ?
listen , karen , i need your help . i don't know anyone here yet .
my mother-in-law just went into the hospital in l . a . hank and i will be flying there tonight .
doctors aren't sure yet . but the real problem is suzy . she has a bad cold , and we don't want to take her with us . but we don't know who can stay with her .
yes , i'd ask jill , the girl i've had before , but i need someone overnight . maybe even for two nights .
i don't want to do that to you , karen .
your own kids would get suzy's cold . i think it would be better to have a good babysitter here . but i don't know who to ask . i need someone more mature than jill . it might even be for two or three days .
i'd like to talk with her . this is short notice , i know . but hank and i are leaving tonight .
i'm glad you know someone . i knew you would be the best person to ask about this . i don't want to insult jill or her mother . i think jill maybe could do it . but i'd rather have someone a little older .
great . then call me and let me know if she's free .
i'm glad to help you . what's wrong ?
i'm sorry to hear it . what's wrong with her ?
you need a babysitter .
i could have suzy stay at my place .
why not ?
i know who we can ask . there is a girl i know , sara ralston . she is 17 , and she will usually take this kind of job . i know her from my church , and i trust her completely .
i'll get you her number . i hope she can do it . she is very responsible .
i'll go home and get sara's number . i'll call her first myself .
good evening . what'll you have ?
draft beer and cans beer . which do you prefer ?
ok . here you are .
of course . wait for a moment , please .
i'd like a beer . what kind of beer do you have ?
a draft beer please .
could i have some fruit ?
hello , mr . black , how are you ?
very well , thank you . it's nice to meet you again . i am awfully sorry for not being able to meet you at the airport , as i was busy yesterday . i do hope you had a very enjoyable trip from new york .
how are you getting along with your business ?
i hope we can do more business together . though we are satisfied with our past trade record , there are still possibilities for more business . in the meantime , let's discuss other spheres of cooperation , such as investment , technology transfer and technical assistance .
fine , thank you , and how are you ?
yes , a very pleasant journey indeed . thank you .
not bad . the fur market is not very brisk lately , but the selling season is advancing near . i hope there will be more buyers in the market this year .
by the way miss , where is the toilet ?
what ? oh , what we live ! thank you very much for your help , miss .
toilets are in the rear , i am afraid all the toilets are fully occupied at the moment .
you are welcome .
excuse me , could you tell me which line i ' m supposed to stand in to buy bubble wrap and to post a package ?
that ' s a really long line . how long do you think it ' ll take to get through all those people ?
can i buy stamps here ?
i need 30 for my christmas cards .
twenty of them are going abroad to china and america .
no .
and the bubble wrap ?
thanks a lot . you ' ve been very helpful .
you can buy the bubble wrap here , but you ' ll have to stand in line over here to post your passage .
it takes about 3 minutes per person , so it ' ll probably be about an hour ' s wait .
sure . how many would you like ?
are you sending them abroad ?
do you have any going anywhere in the eu ? if you do , those are less expensive .
ok , here you go . that will be 18 pounds and seventy two pence .
that ' s another quid .
good evening , saliva . what's that wonderful aroma from your kitchen ? what are you doing now ?
are you good at cooking ?
it is a good idea . what dish are you cooking now ? !
yes , i have . but the taste of steamed fish at that restaurant is not delicious . the fish is not well-done and too salty .
i have the same idea as yours .
thank you . oh , it's very delicious .
besides steamed fish , what else are you good at cooking ?
so many dishes . next friday week is my birthday . i would like to invite you to cook for my dinner party , ok ?
thanks a lot .
i am cooking now !
i have studied its skills recently at a training school . i plan to run a restaurant , so i have to practise cooking !
i am steaming fish in a pressure cooker . have you ever tried steamed fish ?
that's the case . i think there is not enough time to steam it and soy sauce is too much .
it's ok . please have a taste of it .
thank you for your praise .
i am good at stewing beef with potato , frying chicken , hot and sour soup etc .
why not ? it is a good opportunity for me to practise cooking .
it's my pleasure .
room service . what can i do for you ?
well , let me check for you . i am sorry , sir . they mistook your order as a normal one . actualty it's an express laundry , is that right ?
sir , we are terribly sorry for that . we will refund the charge and send your laundry to your room 3 hours later . is that all right ?
this is room 2012 . where is my laundry ? you promised to send to me this morning .
yes , i ordered the express service .
that's fine .
i'd like you to do me a favor .
can you mail this at the post office for me ? i have to go to the doctor for an appointment and i don't have enough time to go to the post office .
what is it ?
sure . and i'd like you to get some cold medicine for me when you go to the doctor's .
excuse me , may i help you ?
sure . which kind of gas do you want ?
ok .
would you please fill some gas for me ?
unleaded , please .
i'll be willing to come and talk about the financing of our imports .
what about a draft at 120 days sight ?
a bank's acceptance will add to the costs of our imports . you can rest assured that we will accept the draft and honour it when it comes due .
i hope this transaction will pave the way for further business relations between our two countries .
it can be solved by drawing a draft on us at 90 days sight .
all right . but we demand the draft be accepted by a bank acceptable to us .
then we will be in a position to arrange for a loan from our bank . you know we exports would like to have our investments returned as early as possible .
so do i .
there's a new girl in school , have you seen her yet ?
i think that she is very pretty .
she's kind of short .
she's probably about five feet .
the first thing i noticed was her beautiful brown eyes .
are you telling me that you've seen her before ?
i haven't seen her yet .
tell me how she looks .
what height is she ?
that's nice , but tell me what she looks like .
i think i might've bumped into her before .
i believe so .
take a seat inside and see what you think . so you will take the porsche then , sir ?
you're smart to buy it . at 45 dollars for three days , it is a good deal .
san francisco ? no , sir . we only have this office here . you will have to return it here .
no , sir . that's only with the very big companies . i'm sorry , but this car must be returned to this lot .
do you still want the car , sir ?
it's a beautiful drive .
just a moment , sir . we have to finish filling out the forms .
yes , and i want to buy the insurance too . i think it's necessary .
can i return the car in san francisco ?
really ? i heard in america you can return rental cars in different cities .
well , i guess i will have to drive back down then . hmm . i didn't think of that .
yes . it will be fun . driving back down the coast . my girlfriend will like it .
where are the keys ?
gary . could you type up this report for me ? i have to take off early this afternoon .
sure . just leave it to me . i'll finish it .
look at the show on tv . i am watching a food show at a very famous seafood restaurant . i really want to eat at that restaurant . i am a seafood lover .
sound great . let's go !
true . i would like to have some salmon sashimi and a roast salmon head .
you are not too bad as well . i also want to have a steamed lobster . it is really taste like heaven .
wait . let me tell the lady what we would like to order in front of the seafood fridge first .
do you think we should try some deep fried oysters ?
speaking of seafood , my mouth is watering . let's go to the seafood restaurant in our neighborhood .
look at the crystal clear fridge . you can see so many kinds of seafood in it . they all look very fresh and delicious .
you sound like a seafood expert . i would like to have some stir-fried squids and steamed shrimps .
let's go into the restaurant and find a table to order some food .
ok . i will wait for you inside the restaurant
where do you want to go ?
get in . i'll take you .
it will cost you $ 10 .
you can see the time on the meter . i have radio time , you know .
certainly .
i'm going to the hospital .
about how much will it cost ?
by the way , what's the time ?
it's a quarter to 12 . could you please drive a little faster ?
you're made a good choice . this china tea set is unusual .
it was made in jingdezhen .
you are right .
it is the best quality porcelain-the famous egg-shell china .
but it is really worth the price .
where was it from ?
jingdezhen ? isn't it called ' the capital of porcelain ' ?
this is the very thing i've been dreaming of .
it must be most precious .
hello , miao li , where are you going ?
oh , would you do me a favor ?
please mail this letter for me on your way to the store .
yes , i think so . there are some pictures in it . it would be a great pity if they were lost .
thanks .
hello , i am going to the store to buy some fruit .
yes ?
sure . do you want it to be registered ?
yes , i will be glad to mail your letter .
you are welcome .
i have a cell phone in my car . now it's probably on the floor on the passenger side . why don't you get it for me , and then i can call the police ?
it doesn't work . it looks like it's broken . i need to get to a hospital . you should drive me there .
damn it ! i'm injured here . we could wait all day for the police .
it really hurts .
to hell with you . the accident was your fault .
to hell with you .
alright .
oh , yeah ? it's better if we make a police report first . then you can go to the hospital .
well , you'll just have to wait . i'm not going to move my car until the police arrive . i'll go into one of those houses over there and use their phone . don't worry . you'll get to the hospital in time .
yes , maybe it does . but if you're going to drive like you did just now , you will have to get used to a little physical pain . you know what i mean ?
i'm afraid it wasn't . and when the police get here , you will also see that it wasn't . but enough of this bickering . i'm going to go find a phone . don ' t move that arm while i'm gone . alright ?
good morning . vane theater , at your service .
well , there will be charity performance on saturday night . and also , there will be a solo concert by an opera star on sunday night .
sure . it's to raise money for the homeless .
oh , it's a reserved opera named the monkey creates havoc in heaven .
it surely is . and the cast is really the best .
the price varies according to the seats . 300 for the front , 200 for the middle , and 50 for the back .
hello . i'm thinking about watching a chinese traditional opera with a foreign girl . what's on this weekend ?
it's a good thing that i have choices here . can you tell me about the one on saturday ?
what about the performance itself ?
wow , a story about the clever monkey king . it's a classic and children's favorite .
wonderful ! how much is the ticket ?
all right . i want to bring everybody back on this subject . when can we start working on this ?
i tell you what , 2:00 is not available for me , but you can get started and i'll come by at around 3:00
perhaps one year , i'm not sure .
well , we could probably get started with a preparatory meeting this afternoon at 2:00 .
that's fine with me . how much time are we going to have to work on this ?
what dressing would you like on the salad ?
i beg your pardon ?
sorry , it's not available now . anything else ?
french dressing , please .
oh , french dressing .
we still prefer french dressing .
could i have some fish ?
oh , spinach , i think .
just a beer , please .
would you like to have some more beer ?
of course . please wait a moment . i'll go and get it .
certainly . and what vegetables would you like ?
fine , and what about something to drink ?
good . thank you . sir .
no , thanks . i ' ve had enough . i'll have my bill , please .
thank you .
hi , george . i'm going to have a job interview next week . could you give me some advice ?
yeah , that's very important .
i ' ll try my best to make a good impression on the interviewer .
it ' s always easier to say something than to do it .
but i love wearing t-shirts and jeans .
it ' s a pity that i cannot afford more expensive clothes .
i know what you mean . i ought to wear right clothes at the right time .
it seems that ' clothes make the man ' .
sure . first of all , it ' s very important for you not to be late . job interviewers usually don ' t think very highly of a candidate who arrives ten minutes after the appointed time , only to explain that he could not find the place or that there was heavy traffic .
so you ' d better explore the place the day before and at the same time , look around to see what the employees are wearing . so the next day you will arrive early for the appointment .
that ' s right . you need to create a good image in a limited time , usually about 30 to 45 minutes .
it ' s not too difficult to make a good impression . for example , you should take care to appear well-groomed and modestly dressed . avoid the extremes of a too elaborate or too casual style . this will put you on the same level as other applicants and make the interviewer consider more important qualifications .
i advise you not to wear a too casual style when going to an interview . informal clothes as well as torn jeans and dirty shoes convey the impression that you are not serious about the job , or that you may be casual about your work as you are about your clothes .
you misunderstood me . clothes which are too colorful or too expensive suggest that you do not understand what behavior is appropriate for the job , or that you are snobbish or frivolous .
you got it . only in this way can you gain the respect of the interviewer and his confidence in your judgement .
it may not be true , but the first and lasting impression of you is determined by your clothes and behavior .
the boss announces the pay raise today , right ? how much do you think we'll get ?
it better be more than last year .
no idea . your guess is as good as mine .
well , anything is better than nothing . wait and see .
i'm sorry , our appointment has to be changed .
if you don't mind , may we put it off to the next day ?
what a pity !
that's ok .
good day ! welcome to lincoln bank , how may we assist you ?
thanks . have you got the l / c number ?
hang on a tick and i'll check for you . i'm sorry ; we have no record of that arriving .
no problem . i'll be in touch as soon as it comes in .
hello . i need to find out if a receipt of proceeds has arrived . i'm from felix wasserman associates .
it's nx567822100007 .
ok , thanks for checking . could you give me a ring when it arrives , please ?
may i help you ?
are you interested in the natural landscape or the human landscape ?
sure . we have a one-day trip along the river . it's quite beautiful .
yes . i have to stay in your cry for just one day , can you suggest a short tour ?
i would prefer the first one .
hello , sir . how can we help you today ?
ok , to start , the conditions are specified by the buyer and may include insurance forms , way bills , bills of lading , customs forms , various certificates .
just that in effect , a basic letter of credit is a financial contract between the bank , the bank's customer , and the beneficiary , and this contract involves the transfer of goods or services against funds .
i need to find out some more information for l / c . i would like an outline of responsibilities , both ours , yours and the beneficiary , please .
ok , got it . is there anything else i need to know before we go ahead ?
that sounds fine , thanks for that . let's go ahead !
911 emergency . what is the problem ?
when was this break-in ?
where was the break-in ?
was anything stolen ?
why do you think there was a break-in ?
we'll send a squad car shortly .
i would like to report a break-in .
i believe it happened last night .
it happened at my house .
i haven't checked yet .
my front window was broken .
i'd appreciate that .
excuse me . how much is the chocolate bar ?
so , i can have five for five dollars ?
oh , yeah . i forgot tax . give me four then , please .
one dollar .
actually , you can only have four .
okay . thanks .
house keeping . may i come in ?
good evening , sir . i come to make the bed . shall i do it now or later ?
that's all . have a nice stay here .
just a moment . i will do it right now .
come in please .
well , since you have come , do it now please ?
thank you . please get some soap for us .
ms . montgomery ? this is richard thomas . i ' m sorry to bother you at home , but i ' ve got a bit of a problem .
my daughter ' s just banged up her knee pretty badly and i ' m going to have to take her to the hospital . i ' ll be about two hours late .
oh ? what ' s wrong ?
excuse me . i have an appointment with mr . li at nine . may i come in ?
yes , i am my liu . thanks .
according to your advertisement , you want an experienced software engineer . i think my background meets the requirement of this position .
my major was computer science when i was at college , and i am quite familiar with visual c + + and java language .
the developments in software are going ahead very quickly and more and more problems are resolved by software . in some regions , the hardware is completely replaced by software . so i think the software industry has a great future .
yes , i have designed some programs for the network with visual c + + and i have passed the test for programmers - muse .
yes , can you tell me what's my responsibility in this position ?
i see . this is my advantage .
no .
thank you , bye-bye .
yes , come in please . i am mr . li . you must be my liu , right ?
i'd like to start this interview with some questions . why do you think you are qualified for this position ?
then tell me something about your background .
well , what do you think about the development in computers ?
have you ever designed any programs concerning network ?
have you got anything to ask me ?
yes , of course . you would be responsible for the development of software products .
good . have you got any other questions ?
ok , i will contact you in a week . see you .
tom , is jenny crying ?
i ' m just coming for that .
she ' s your sister . what she asked was only duck soup for you . why can ' t you be good to her ?
can you take he away from me ?
she kept bothering me .
but i am her brother , not her servant .
hello , where can i buy an inexpensive cashmere sweater ?
that is a wonderful idea .
thank you for your help .
maybe you should look around for an outlet .
outlets have more reasonable prices .
no problem . good luck
wow ! your fruit looks really fresh ! how much are these apples ?
let's see , 30nt is about ... almost a dollar us . what ? ! how about these pineapples ?
hmm , 250nt is ... 8 dollars ? ! ! and you can't even eat them ? you're crazy !
now that's more like it ! bananas have lots of potassium , too !
are they from taiwan ?
ok . i'll take four kiwis .
the apples are 30nt each . how many would you like ?
they're 250nt each , but they're not edible . they're only used for worship .
wait ! don't go just yet . these bananas are pretty cheap--only 35nt for this bunch .
they're also good for your digestion ! would you like some kiwis , too ?
they're imported from new zealand . four for 50nt . nine for a hundred .
amelia , could you spare a few minutes ?
well , i wanted to let you know that i've put in my notice .
it's complicated . but basically it boils down to one thing . this company is downsizing and i can't continue working for a company that may let me go .
well , to be honest , there's another reason . i've got a better offer .
the head office is in new york , but i'll be dealing with overseas companies and flying to this side of the world from time to time .
i have . i feel lucky . i look forward to dealing with overseas companies and at the same time having a chance to use english more .
of course i can . in fact , if there are other job opportunities at this new company , i'll recommend you personally .
sure . what do you need ?
really ? why ?
but surely they won't fire you ! you're one of the most experienced managers here !
well that's great news ! congratulations ! where will you be located ?
it'll be sad to see you go , but it sounds like you're found yourself a great opportunity .
i'm sorry to bring this up , but would it be possible for you to write me a letter of recommendation before you go ?
thanks . i appreciate that .
what can i show you ?
let me check . yes , we have .
sure . let me help you .
do you have this shirt in a small ?
may i try it on ?
the james ' s file , christine ?
christine , i know you ' re new here and there ' s a lot to learn , but you are going to have to learn to keep your work in better order . we can ' t afford to lose an important document .
i had it right here a minute ago , mr . emory . umm . just a minute ...
yes , sir . i apologize for that . here ' s the file you were looking for , mr . emory .
i wonder whether i could possibly borrow your new bicycle now .
thank you very much .
sorry , i'm using it myself . but you can use it this afternoon .
thanks for inviting me to work out with you , joan .
yeah , this place looks great . wow , look at her , she can certainly get down , can't she ?
a little , i wish i could do that .
look at him , he's buff .
how do they all get in such tiptop shape ?
that's it . i decided to turn over a new leaf . i'm going to exercise every single day .
don't mention it , let's go in .
she sure can . are you jealous , leslie ?
you can ! with a little practice .
i think he's hot too .
exercised over and over . exercise is a key .
good for you , leslie !
excuse me . check please .
very nice . thank you .
yes , can you put it in a plastic bag ?
do you take credit cards ?
ok , here you are .
ok .
thank you .
ok , how was everything ?
would you like this to-go ?
sure , no problem . here you are . that'll be 25 dollars .
yes , we accept visa and mastercard .
thanks . i'll be right back .
here's your receipt .
you're welcome . please come again .
you look upset , anything wrong ?
why ?
you'd look before you leap .
i'm going to quit the job .
the task is tough .
thanks for your concern .
how long will you stay in new york ?
i am sorry . if you have here more than 24 hours between connecting flights , we can't check your luggage through london .
that's right . it's over there .
just tor three days . i won't need these luggages . couid i put them here ?
well , maybe i can put them in the airport storage there .
eat some more .
no , thanks . i'm on a diet .
excuse me . do you know where the admiral hotel is ?
yes , but i can't find callaway street .
thanks a lot .
that's over on callaway street , isn't it ?
walk that way for about four blocks . the hotel's about two blocks north of there .
not at all .
i'm sorry i'm late .
better late than never .
professor li , do you know where to buy art supplies ?
no . i can't paint . i'm asking for my niece . she is really into it .
she is eight . actually , i'm buying a good set of art supplies for her as a birthday gift .
for what ? are you taking up painting ?
oh , good . how old is your niece ?
it's a wise thing to do . art will do a child a world of good .
hello ?
no , i ' m afraid not , mary . may i take a message for her ?
o . k . no problem . anything else ?
all right , i ' ll leave her the message , mary . thanks for calling .
goodbye .
hi , mr . smith . this is mary . is jenny there ?
yes , please tell her that band practice has been moved to tuesday night at eight thirty .
no , but if she has any questions , she can call me at 555-2345 .
thank you . bye .
do you speak english ?
can you tell me how to get to the jade buddha temple ?
yes , a little .
i'm sorry . i can't quite follow you . would you mind speaking slowly ?
how do you get road news ?
so you have all the news on broadcast ?
i've a driver mate in my car !
yes , it's so helpful .
can i help you ?
certainly . would you like it with ice cream ?
yes , i'm in a bit of a rush . could i have a piece of apple pie please ?
no , thanks .
i'd like to make an appointment with dr . cooper . could you arrange it for me ?
sorry , i've got a meeting from nine to ten . what about monday afternoon ?
yes . would tomorrow morning be all right with you ?
i'm afraid he's fully engaged . could you make it another time ?
hey ! what are you doing here ?
what are you shopping for ?
same here .
i found a few pairs of pants .
i found them at jc pennies .
do you want me to show you where i found them ?
i'm just shopping .
some new clothes . how about you ?
have you found anything nice yet ?
where'd you get those ?
those are really cute .
i would like that . thank you .
hello , is that xiaogang li who applied for the solar studio of our college ?
i want to know whether you will come to the interview . so have you accepted offers from other companies ?
yes , speaking .
no , i haven't got one by now . i will go to the interview of yours .
i need help with the office party .
i have no idea what the entertainment should be .
let's make it a formal affair .
american food would be the best choice .
we should bring in a really good dj .
yes , of course . we could split it . what part would you like to do , the food or the entertainment ?
let's make sure we are on the same page . do we want a formal or informal gathering ?
yes , that would be best . now , for food should we have chinese or american food ?
that would be great . what kind of music would you like , a band or recorded music ?
that works for me . let's see what we can each do about planning our part and meet again on friday .
help ! help !
what's the matter ?
what would you like to eat , sir ?
would you care for some lemon for your tea ?
scrambled egg , bacon , three pieces of bread and a cup of tea .
no , thank you .
where's the toilet ?
over there .
only one . but i wanted to make sure i'd get it .
but there are only two more days until the bidding closes !
oh ... i'm such a newbie . but at least i'm sure i'll get that tennis racket .
well ... guess how low the bidding starts on the tennis racket ?
yeah , i really wanted that chanel bag , too . but just in case you should bid low .
i bid on a chanel watch at the last minute , and got it sixty percent off !
don't count on it , babe . ebay is always full of surprises .
can you tell me where the pots and pans are ?
oh , thank you .
no , thanks . i already have credit cards .
that's a nice discount .
thank you , but i'm just browsing today .
pots and pans are right over there .
could i interest you in our store credit card ?
but our credit card saves you 10 percent .
here . let me give you an application form .
okay . enjoy your browsing .
here is the fish counter . look at the lobsters and crabs . shall we have some ?
sorry , i forgot . i don ' t like seafood , neither .
let's get frozen juice . it is really good . we ' ve got enough food . let ' s go over to the check-out stand .
i'm allergic to these things , you know .
let ' s go over there and get some milk , a couple dozen eggs and some orange juice .
ok . but just let me pick up a bottle of cooking wine and oil as we go by .
good morning , may i speak with professor clark , please ?
professor , i am kalina from your morning literature class .
i ran my car into a tree yesterday and need to miss a few days of school .
i have a concussion , but i will be ok .
i only need to take this week off .
you are speaking with professor clark .
yes , how can i help you ?
oh , my god ! i hope you are all right .
how much school will you miss ?
i appreciate you calling and telling me that you won ' t be in class . see you next week !
hello , parker . how ' s everything ?
business is booming . i understand you want to meet up with me next week . how ' s your schedule looking ?
great .
can ' t complain . and you ?
let me see . i can come out and see you first thing wednesday .
how come it is slow as a snail today ?
yes , i wanted to look for some information on the company page just now . it took me almost one minute to open it . then there is no response to any click .
ok .
you mean the network connection ?
i have the same question . i can ' t send out mails . we ' d better call the it department and ask them to check it immediately .
honey , i need to have a talk with you .
no , honey , why didn't you go to cram school last night ?
honey , if you don't want to go to cram school , you should tell me the reason why .
dad , i have to do my homework .
dad , i don't want to talk about it now .
i'm sorry , dad . but i would rather stay at school than go to cram school .
what's wrong with you , young man ?
do you have a fever ?
let me examine you . don't worry . it's nothing serious .
yes , stay in bed and drink a lot of water . your fever will be gone in a day or two .
of course not . you need a good rest .
doctor , i have a bad cough and a headache .
i don't know , but i feel terrible .
do you think i should lie in bed ?
ok . do you think i can play football tomorrow ?
ok , i'll listen to you .
i want something sweet after dinner .
a dessert sounds nice .
i want to get some pie .
i have no idea .
sure , what kind do you like ?
oh , i love apple pie too .
what do you have in mind ?
what kind are you thinking of getting ?
what kind of pie do you want ?
do you want to know what kind of pie i like ?
i love apple pie .
there you go . problem solved .
let's go now .
i'll be with you in a minute .
may i help you ?
yes . our bank is authorized to deal with foreign exchange .
we can change only three kinds of currency , usd , japanese yen and hk dollar in our savings office .
the buying rate is 826 . 44 yuan for 100 dollars .
please go to counter no . 2 , the foreign exchange counter . it's over there .
yes . do you exchange foreign money here ?
what kinds of currency do you change ?
could you tell me what the exchange rate for usd is today ?
i want to change some us dollars to cover my expense here .
thank you .
i want to see the man responsible for selling typewriters .
well , look here . ten new typewriters were delivered to my company yesterday afternoon and only five of them work properly .
never mind being sorry , what are you going to do about it ?
good , i hope you'll make sure that it won't happen again .
thank you . goodbye .
my name is steven . i'm the sales manager of this company .
oh , i'm sorry about that .
don't worry , we'll soon fix them .
i'll certainly look into that .
i'm looking for a string of pearls for my wife .
i'm not sure . i don't know very much about the price of pearls .
is there a price reduction ?
how much is that one ?
ok . i'll take it . thank you .
yes , sir . what price range do you have in mind ?
i see . let me show you some samples of various qualities . this one is very nice . it's three hundred and fifty dollars .
we are having a sale now . the price has already gone down .
it's two hundred and eighty dollars .
can i help you ?
well , we have a lot of models here . did you want to listen to cd's or cassettes or the radio ?
alright . there are several models you may want to look at . this kreng portable cassette player is very good .
it's a german company . this unit has auto-reverse , recording capability , and an am / fm radio band . it also has a built-in microphone .
really ? have you had an auto-reverse break before ?
hmm . you know , the problem might be dust . did you clean the unit often ?
alright . well . we have many units without auto-reverse . here is a good unit . very reliable . it has an am / fm band , built-in microphone , recording capability , and no auto-reverse .
this one sells for $ 39 . 99 .
of course .
fine . i think you'll be happy with it . it's a very good unit . very reliable . i'll go get you a new one in a box . i will be back in just a moment .
yes , i would like to buy a walkman . can you tell me about the models you have ?
mostly cassette tapes .
kreng ? i've never heard of that company .
i suppose i don't want that one then . i don't like auto-reverse . it breaks too easily .
yes , twice now . i think it's too high-tech , and so it's the first part that breaks .
well . no , i didn't clean it . but still , i only had the last one two months , and it broke . i don't trust auto-reverse .
how much is it ?
can i test it out ?
it sounds great . i'll take it .
thanks .
tell me about yourself .
what type of position are you looking for ?
are you interested in a full-time or part-time position ?
can you tell me about your responsibilities at your last job ?
what is your greatest strength ?
what is your greatest weakness ?
why do you want to work for our company ?
when can you begin ?
i was born and raised in beijing . i attended peking university and received my bachelor's degree in economics . i have worked for 2 years as a financial consultant in beijing for china pacific insurance co . ltd .
i'm looking for a position in which i can utilize my experience .
i am more interested in a full-time position . however , i would also consider a part-time position .
i advised customers on financial matters . after i consulted the customer , i completed a customer inquiry form and catalogued the information in our database . i then collaborated with colleagues to prepare the best possible package for the client . the clients were then presented with a summarized report on their financial activities that i formulated on a quarterly basis .
i am an excellent communicator . people trust me and come to me for advice . one afternoon , my colleague was involved with a troublesome customer who felt he was not being served well . i made the customer a cup of coffee and invited both my colleague and the client to my desk where we solved the problem together .
i tend to spend too much time making sure the customer is satisfied . however , i began setting time-limits for myself .
after following your firm's progress for the last 3 years , i am convinced that your company is becoming one of the market leaders and i would like to be a part of that team .
immediately .
please tell me how to file things according to the concerned rules .
what are they ?
and what is the most important point ?
well , all right . there are four points you should keep in mind when you file documents , information and other things .
they are keep the documents in chronological order , remove all the chips and pins , punch the documents evenly and place them in the folder .
you should always remember that one customer one file is the rule .
yeah , look at all those new buildings going up ! mr . zhang , the traffic is pretty smooth . but we were told the roads from the airport to downtown were quite crowded and traffic jams could be as long as half an hour .
we've never expected that shanghai is such a big metropolis , same as new york city . david , would it be a good idea to rent a car here ? i've got an international driver's license with a pretty good record in the states .
yes , they were . but it has already past . the traffic from the airport to downtown has been relieved after the completion of yan'an aerial road .
that's wonderful . ok . i'll remember that . but i have to warn you that you must drive very carefully in the downtown area , for there're no separate lanes for motor vehicles and bicycles in some places , and still quite a few people don't take road regulations seriously .
this house is not looking all that great from here
i don ' t think that it is looking any better inside here .
it is just too dark in here with so few windows .
the kitchen may be large , but it doesn ' t have any storage space .
how many dogs live in this house ?
you can ' t really tell everything about a house from the outside . let ' s go inside .
i think that fresh paint and cleaning would help it look a little better .
i hear that the kitchen is quite large . let ' s go check it out .
the master suite is supposed to be quite elegant . maybe it will be a little better .
i think that we have seen all that we need to see here . let ' s go look at another house .
excuse me , waiter , i would like to have some wine before the main course .
i have no idea . maybe you can give me some advice .
that's great , bring me a bottle of that please .
have you decided what wine you would like ?
i recommend you the white wine . it will wake up your appetite .
come on ! it's time to go !
well , i've got to stop and get gas in the car , first .
well , it won't if there no line at the pump .
i'll give you five more minutes , then i'm going on without you !
oh , yes , i would !
wait a minute ! just hold your horses ! what's your hurry , anyway ?
that won't take long .
well , i'm not quite ready .
you wouldn't do a thing like that !
i wonder if i can see your mother , little boy . is she engaged ?
johnny , i wish you ' d stop reaching for things . haven ' t you a tongue ?
engaged ? she ' s married .
yes , mother , but my arm is longer .
hello ! tomorrow i'm going to need a wake-up call .
i always hit the snooze button , so give me two calls , one at 7 and another at 7 fifteen .
oops , cancel that . change the second call to 7 thirty will you , please ?
no , that's about it for now . thanks .
not a problem . what time shall we call you ?
it'll be our pleasure . we'll call you at 7 and then at 7 fifteen .
no sooner said than done . can i help you with anything else ?
okay , sir . have a pleasant evening .
have you seen our new packing specifications ?
yes , i have , mr . thomas . we'll pack them two dozen to one carton , and the gross weight is around 25 kilos a carton .
i'm really in a flap about the interview .
i'm in such a need of the job that i can't afford any mistakes .
take it easy . you ' ve made enough preparations .
i'm sure you'll pass it .
do you think my briefcase is big enough to put in all these stuff ?
i guess i need all of them .
i know . but it is my lucky charm . i carry it all the time .
let me see . laptop , flash disk , a ballpoint pen , a pencil , a notebook , a pair of glasses , cell phone , charger , moisture lotion , ... oh , that is too much . you are not going to a business trip .
actually , the company will provide you with all of these supplies . so , you can leave this very thick notebook at home .
suit yourself . don ' t forget to set the alarm clock .
may i know where you are going ?
i'm sorry . you are going in the wrong direction .
don't worry . you can get off at the next stop and go across the street through the overpass . the bus stop is right there .
my pleasure .
yes . i want to go to beijing hotel .
oh no ! what shall i do ?
thank you very much .
steven , shall we go shopping tomorrow ?
but sunday is the same with saturday . if you don ' t mind , that's ok .
i see . we will go the day after tomorrow .
i want to buy some clothes in clothing store . when we are going back , go to the butcher's shop and buy some chicken .
thank you , darling .
hum ... why not go shopping the day after tomorrow ? tomorrow is saturday . i hate all the hustle and bustle of saturday shopping .
hum . maybe it will be better . the most important thing is that i can have a day to relax after a week's work .
by the way , what kind of stores do we need to go ?
let ' s also go to the jewelry store to buy a crystal necklace . i want to buy one for you as your birthday present .
have you seen the tower in front of us . that's the famous eiffel tower . it was built in 1889 for the world's fair .
it stands 320m ( 1050ft ) high and held the record as the world's tallest structure until 1930 .
yes , the towel was named after its designer gustave eiffel .
how tall is this building ?
i have heard its name is connected with someone , is that right ?
good afternoon ! trans pacific airline . how can i help you ?
what ' s your name , please ?
how do you spell your name , please ?
please note that this ticket has a penalty of $ 75 for any change or cancellation .
at the airport . ok , miss . wang , your flight 8 on july 19 from taipei to minneapolis is canceled . your new reservation is trans pacific flight 8 from taipei to minneapolis at 9 thirty a . m . on august 2 .
that ' s correct .
is there anything else i can do for you ?
i ' m calling to cancel my reservation for trans pacific flight 8 on july 19 from taipei to minneapolis . could you please make it for the same flight on august 2 instead of july 19 ?
my name is judy wang .
my first name is j-u-d-y , and my last name is w-a-n-g .
it ' s ok . where should i pay for the penalty ?
that ' s 1poj7403 .
thank you !
no , thanks . i ' m all set . good-bye .
is this supply ?
this is rachel in human resources . i need two boxes of company letterhead , one box of ball-point pens , and a box of envelopes .
yeah . this is supply . what can i do for you ?
all right . no problem . what ' s your extension ?
john , i ' d like you to meet charles brown , our new manager at the airport .
he is short , well-built , and he ' s got light blond hair .
he has a mustache , if i remember correctly , and a light complexion .
he is in his late thirties .
at 2 thirty .
yes , certainly . how can i recognize him ?
is there anything else ?
how old is he ?
well . i shouldn ' t have any trouble recognizing him . what time does his flight arrive ?
what can i get for you today ?
would you like cheese on that ?
would you like a drink ?
what kind of soda would you like ?
sure , no problem .
will that be all ?
could i get a hamburger , please ?
no , thank you .
let me have a soda .
may i have a sprite , please ?
i would also like a bag of chips .
that's everything .
please tell me something about your insurance background .
why do you want to be an insurance agent ?
do you have any work experience in promotion ?
do people respond well to you ?
i majored in international banking at college so i took many insurance courses . and i worked at an insurance company for my graduation field work .
i care about people and i know the importance of insurance .
yes , i do . i have worked as a salesman for p & g company ltd .
yes , i'm good with people .
ah , here we are .
would you like to sit near the window ?
let's have a look at the menu . oh , there isn't a menu . do you think you could ask the people at the next table if we could look at their menu ?
this is the place i was telling you about .
good .
yes , of course . excuse me . could you possibly let us see your menu ? oh . they haven't got one either .
are you going to buy a bicycle ?
 350 .
your discount is already included . normally we charge  400 , but now we can give you a special price . this is our sale period .
sorry , but this is the best price . you can ' t get it any cheaper than here .
i'm afraid you can ' t . you ' re welcome to pay in cash .
i ' m thinking about it . how much is it ?
oh , dear . it ' s too expensive . can you give me a better price ?
it ' s still too much . can ' t you make it any cheaper than that ?
i see . can i pay by traveler ' s checks ?
do you have a free moment ?
i'm having some trouble . how do you use this printer ?
silly me .
oh , and it's out of paper . do you have any more ?
sure . what do you need ?
well , first you have to turn this switch on .
now press this button .
just a second . i'll go get some .
i need help using the washer and dryer .
i can't figure out how to turn them on .
i didn't know i needed change .
where do i put the change ?
is that everything that i have to do ?
i appreciate you helping me with this .
tell me what the problem is .
do you have some quarters ?
the washer costs 50 cents and the dryer costs a dollar .
the quarters go into the slot . you have to push the slot in , and the machine will turn on .
that's all there is .
if you need anything else , just let me know .
do you have any questions ?
yes , after you ' ve been here a year , you qualify for a three-day vacation
that's the company policy .
yes . that's the company policy .
yes , do i have to work a whole year before i can take a vacation ?
only three days ?
what happens if i use up my sick days before the end of the year ? if i ' m sick an extra day or two , will my pay be deducted ?
it was the same as the last place i worked at . i was hoping you ' d be different .
i am absolutely famished .
where did you want to go for lunch ?
i don't think i ever got food from the cafeteria .
does the cafeteria sell a lot of different food ?
i was thinking about getting some chinese food .
we can eat at the cafeteria .
yeah . i am too .
i was thinking we should just go to the cafeteria .
i actually like the food there .
they have anything you want .
i bought some chow mein at the cafeteria . it tasted great .
i think you'll really like the food there .
here is the draft contract , mr . brown . let's discuss the clauses to see if we agree on all of them . then i will make out an original of the contract . after that , what's left is to fill out the contract and sign our names .
the contract is to be written in chinese and english . both languages are equally effective .
thank you .
that's a good idea .
agreed .
i understand your position .
that's ok .
fine . if you'll excuse me , i'd like to go it over first . ( after about 15 minutes ) hmm , you've done a pretty good job . it's well prepared .
well , i suggest that we discuss only the clauses and points where we have different opinions just to save time .
first , let's read clause two about packing . it's our usual practice to ship our products in containers . that'll save time and money , but your contract stipulates the use of wooden cases . so , we'd like to have the words containers are allowed in the contract .
for shipment , you know we are producing a complete set of equipment for you and it won't all be finished at one time . so would you allow us to make partial shipments .
i want to buy a black suit .
i prefer single breasted suit .
that looks great . do you have ties here ?
certainty . do you want double breasted suit or single breasted suit ?
what about this one ? it's a very nice 3 - piece suit .
how do you do ? nice to meet you , diane .
well , i think you ' ve reconsidered our proposal , diane .
i should not be surprised , many customers have the same opinion . do you have any suggestion in mind ? our salesman told your secretary that the price could be negotiable .
that's true . but if you understand that quality is the most important aspect of a product , you'll agree that 679 is not high , especially when we allow you a 10 % discount .
well , considering the quantity of your order we could further reduce the price to 600 . that's the best we can do . what do you think of that ?
very well . thank you .
how do you do , jack . nice to meet you .
yes , you are right . after all , the quality of your air conditioners is good . the only problem is price .
that's why i came to your office today . we think for your model we - 506 $ 590 would be reasonable , because air conditioners of the same kind sold by other companies are usually about 579-649 .
i see your point . that's to say s 611 each set . still it's much higher than the market price . could you see your way to reduce the price , jack ?
all right . we accept it . so $ 600 for each set .
don't i know you ?
you're mr . stevenson , right ?
i'm not sure . you look familiar .
yes . and you're mr . jones , i remember .
that's all the general information of our company . i think you already have good knowledge about our company .
when we have the final results , we will call you .
if you pass the interview , the personnel department will inform you within two weeks .
i'm sorry we won't . you can wait for two weeks . if you don't get a telephone call , it means that you weren't successful .
i'm sorry but i can't make the final decision myself , and i have to discuss it with other interviewers .
your mentality is very good and that's great .
my pleasure .
yes , i have an overall understanding .
then when will i get a reply at the latest ?
but if i don't pass , will you call me ?
then do i have the chance to get this job ?
i know . no matter what the result will be , i have learned a lot from our conversation .
thanks for giving me the opportunity of this interview .
i have a stomachache .
all right . i'll do that .
well , you'd better lie down now . you need a good rest .
what kind of personality do you think you have ?
do you think you are introverted or extroverted ?
what do you think is the most important thing for you to be happy ?
what kind of people do you like to work with ?
i'm quite active and energetic . i approach things enthusiastically and i don't like to leave things half-done .
i'm quite outgoing i think . i enjoy mixing and doing things with others .
i maintain that the most important thing is having good friends . a person can't live all by himself i think . a friend in need is a friend in deed . the more really close friends i have , the better .
people who are honest , dedicated to their work and having integrity .
i would like to take this opportunity to welcome monica to our company and introduce her to her department and colleagues . for all of you , we hired monica because she is a very professional accountant and we are very happy to have her in the finance department . she has lots of working experiences as an accountant and i am sure everybody in the department can benefit from this .
hello , everybody . i am monica and this is my first day at work . i am working in the finance department . i am very happy to meet everyone and i am looking forward to working well with all of you . i am very happy to be one of the team and i will do my best to get into the working situation as soon as possible . by the way , call me monica . everybody calls me so .
were you in a leadership position when you were a college student ?
did you get any honors or awards at your university ?
were you involved in any club activities at your university ?
what extracurricular activities did you usually take part in at your college ?
yes . i was president of the student council of our university .
yes . i was elected excellent party member for four academic years .
yes . i was a member of the student poetry society . i like writing poems in my spare time .
i sometimes played table tennis and sometimes played basketball .
margaret , i'd like to follow up with the arrangements for our company retreat , to take place next month . we need to book the venue , make arrangements for speakers and door prizes , and set up all the activities and accommodations . also , very important , we need to determine which of our staff will be eligible and will be available to go . we've got to get a head count in order to make reservations .
lower level employees need not attend . the purpose of this retreat is for training , especially for our management team . we want to develop a well-oiled machine on our executive level . in order to get everyone to jell together , we've got to include some fun . that's the reason for the retreat .
what's the criteria for staff to attend ? are we only including our management team in this affair ? or will we be extending invitations to lower level employees to attend ?
i think yoga might be suitable for me .
because it doesn't require a lot of energy and thus easy to keep up .
i don't know . i just need to try it once . i'm in urgent need of some exercise to lose some weight .
why ?
but i see people sweat a lot doing yoga too .
you should try swimming then . it helps you to keep fit .
we are looking for a bilingual secretary . do you think you are proficient in both written and spoken english ?
how are your typing and shorthand skills ?
i think my english is fairly good . as you can see from my cv , i graduated from university with a b . a . degree in english . i studied the english language and english literature systematically .
i can type 80 words a minute , basically no mistake , and can take dictation in english at 120 words per minute .
are these the clothes you want to have washed ?
well , if they are collected right now , you can get them back tonight .
ok . please fill in the form first .
yes . when can i get them back ?
that's fine . by the way , please have that suit dry cleaned .
what's the matter with me , doctor ? i feel so tired these days .
and what's the cause of that ?
but i can't just slow down .
you mean i've got to lose weight ?
is your blood pressure , i'm afraid . it's far too high .
overwork-amongst other things . you can't work 24 hours a day . you ' ve got to slow down .
you've got to , i'm afraid . and look at this . you weigh 200 stones . that's too much for a man of your size .
yes . you've got to cut down on bread and potatoes and take more exercise .
you are an early bird , tom . what do you do in the morning then ?
so , you choose to spend it on bodybuilding . where do you exercise ?
do you do the same exercises every day ?
why don't you just stay in bed when you are feeling unfit for exercising ?
oh , yes . singing is also a good way of keeping fit , at least mentally .
exercise . the morning hours are the most precious period within a single day . we should not pass them up easily . seize the time and do something useful .
usually , i run to the black bamboo park as a warm-up . admission is free . then i start my activities .
no , i've deliberately kept a balance between various exercises ; parallel bars , push-ups , sit-ups , bunny-hops , five-kilometer run , and so on . i alternate them over the weekdays . sometimes , when i find myself in a bad state , i will simply idle about in the park .
it's not easy to keep a good habit , you know . i fear that if i fail to get up early one day , i may find it still more difficult to rise early the next . besides , a mere walk in the early morning is much fun , too . here and there in the park , you meet whole gangs of senior citizens who might be singing operas or old songs , playing er'hu , chess , or just chatting and gossiping . it's interesting to join them .
i want some cosmetics . could you recommend some ?
and they're very dear , too .
oh , that's ideal .
i think pond's is the best .
they're on special offer today .
steven , i'm going abroad by plane for the first time tomorrow . can you give me some advice ? and what should i pay attention to ?
i will go to bed early tonight .
i don't know . but i have a carsickness .
thank you .
first , you should have enough sleep to get over the jet lag before the departure . most people will suffer from jet lag for a few days after a long flight .
do you have an airsickness ?
you'd better bring some medicine for airsickness .
can we choose a time to look at houses together ?
either way is good for me .
i can take a little time off of work , or i can go on a weekend , also .
i am leaving from work , so maybe i could just meet you at the first house that we will look at .
i would like to see as many as possible .
can you do that in the mornings , or would the afternoons be best ?
there are a number of open houses this weekend in your area . would that okay with you ?
we could meet at the real estate office , or i could pick you up at your home .
i can think of five houses that we should look at . it will take most of the day .
when i have confirmed the times with the owners , i will e-mail you our plans for the day .
do you have a package tour to hollywood ?
the seven-days trip shall be fine . how much is this tour ?
we will take the trip . could you give us a pamphlet ?
yes , here is the table , which plans do you like best ?
$ 300 .
here you are .
what ' s the problem ? things are getting out of hand . you keep sticking your nose where it doesn ' t belong .
now , i am responsible for training new staff , but you keep overriding my authority by trying to pose your methods . i know you are a hotshot college graduate with something to prove . but i don ' t like your way .
what do you mean ?
mom , when you come home , please buy a coat , a skirt , a sweater ...
enough is enough . i know .
mr . chen , do you mind if i smoke ?
i'm sorry , mrs . lin . we don't allow smoking in the office .
good morning , can i help you ?
what kind of juice do you prefer , sir ?
yes , sir . american breakfast with fried eggs sunny side up . breakfast juice and black coffee . and my correct , sir ?
is there anything else , sir ?
good morning , sir . i ' ve got breakfast your ordered .
do you need anything else , sir ?
what kind of juice do you like sir ?
yes , sir . i ' ll get them for you right away . would you please sign this bill first ? thank you , sir .
i want to american breakfast with fried eggs sunny side up .
breakfast juice and please make my coffee very strong .
yes , that ' s right .
no , that ' s all .
just put it on the table please .
no , thanks . oh , yes , could i have some juice for the mini bar ?
tomato or orange juice , please .
should we tip ? this service is pretty good .
how about 10 percent ? that's about 6 dollars .
yeah , we probably should . how much is normal ?
that sounds about right .
what time does the train for tibet leave ?
when does it arrive ?
how much is the ticket ?
one berth , please .
it will leave at 3:00 p . m .
it should be due in at 7:30 a . m . tomorrow .
it's 86 coach and 175 berths
hey , taxi .
beijing library .
is it a long ride to beijing library ?
thirty minutes , that will be all right . there are still fifty minutes to go before the library is open . look , what are they doing on the square ?
sounds great ! can you stop somewhere here for a minute ? i will get some souvenirs for my friends .
where to , sir ?
hop in , please .
it will take about thirty minutes because it is the rush hour .
it is an exhibition of chinese jades . it is held each year . a nice collection jades of are on display and sold .
no problem .
how many pieces of luggage would you like to check in , sir ?
do you have any carry-on luggage ?
put your luggage on the scale , please . oh , your luggage is overweight .
twenty-two dollars
this is your voucher , and you can get your luggage back on this . have a good trip !
three bags and a suitcase . this is my luggage to check .
no .
how much is the excess baggage part charge ?
here you are .
thank you !
what date would you like to depart , sir ?
let's see ... i'm afraid the 16th is fully booked . but i have seats for the 17th .
and what date will you be returning ?
okay , you're booked on american airlines flight 710 , departing jfk at 6
do you have any seats for september 16th ?
the 17th will be fine .
hmm , i guess on the 28th .
sounds good . thanks a lot .
i would like to buy a black suit .
no , i never wear suit in my everyday life . i just want one to take part in my sister ' s wedding ceremony .
but it looks good . let me try it on .
do you have any special brand in your mind ?
i see . have a look at this one . it ' s very cheap because it ' s not very durable .
ok , the mirror is over there .
what can i do for you , miss ?
do you like high heels or flat shoes ?
i am looking for a pair of shoes .
high hells , please . i want to wear them in formal situations .
hi jim . do you have a minute ?
some of us are going to start a soccer team . would you like to join us ?
that ' s all right . we ' ll teach you .
not very much . it ' s something like hockey , except that you use a big ball and no stick .
good idea . i think you ' ll like it if you give it a chance .
sure , what ' s up ?
i don ' t know anything about it . soccer isn ' t as popular in my country as it is here .
is it anything like american football ?
i ' ll come down and watch you play some day , and see what it ' s like .
do you remember what the ratings of movies stand for ?
does anyone pay any attention to those ratings anymore ?
i remember that i never saw an x moves even displayed .
yea , i never see theaters turn people away for their age anymore either .
yes , g stands for general audiences , pg means parental guidance suggested , r is restricted to audiences under 18 and x means explicit content .
remember when we were kids ? theaters wouldn't let kids in to pg moves without a parent .
now with video rentals it's all a personal matter .
now we have to make a choice about what we will see and what we won't .
why aren't you doing well in the class ?
the material is so abstract that i have trouble understanding it .
reservation , can i help you ?
wait a moment , please . let me check it .
right now we have a suite for 4 people , do you want to book it ?
yes , i would like to reserve a room for next monday .
by the way , i want a large room .
yes , that's what i am looking for . i will take the room for 2 days .
hey mel ! are you up for some tennis today ?
you sound exhausted . maybe you should hire a nanny to help you out ! she can pick the kids up and take them to their after-school activities . she can also help you do some household chores , and run so
i think you should definitely consider it ! this way you won ' t have to juggle such a busy schedule , and you ' ll still get to spend time with the kids in the evenings . i can refer you this great
sorry , i can ' t ! i have to go to work , pick up jake and maddie from school , and make them an afternoon snack , then take jake to soccer practice and maddie to dance class .
oh , i don ' t know ... it ' s hard to find the right nanny . you have to consider her previous work experience , the responsibilities you give her , and how she interacts with the kids . i would love to have
oh , that ' s great . thanks grace . can you give me her number ? i ' ll talk it over with dan and give her a call tomorrow . maybe this way i won ' t be so tired every day , and dan and i might even get to go
can you tell that i ' m excited ?
i voted today .
i just turned 18 a month ago .
what do you mean ?
i didn ' t even think of that .
i really didn ' t , but i ' m still excited .
what are you excited about ?
was this your first time ?
you ' re lucky .
because you turned 18 in an election year .
you didn ' t ?
you should be , because you ' re a part of history .
can i help you ?
have you a pattern in your mind ?
is there any special brand you would like ?
yes . i want to buy a pair of shoes .
well , maybe sneakers or rubber shoes .
could i have look at that pair of canvas shoes ? they look nice .
look , how grand magnificent the tiananmen gate tour is !
it is largest pop square in the world . you see that is monument for the people's hero , and the chairman mao memorial hall on the south . there is great hall of the people on the west . there are two museums on the east .
that's the forbidden city on the north of gate building .
what's tiananmen famous for ?
what's that ?
all the sightseeing in china is very attractive and crescive . travelling to china is very worth one . thank you so much for your guides , and i'll miss you .
i ran it against that fence pole as i crashed . what do you think ? damn , it hurts !
i'm lucky i wasn't killed . i must have been going around forty-five miles an hour . there was too much gravel on that corner . i slid out .
make it tighter . i want the blood stopped . then wrap some bandages around the cut . then we can go . ouch ! i hope i can walk .
there . stop !
we'll have to get you to a hospital . i can ride you on the back of my bike .
yes , i almost slid too . alright . this tourniquet is tight . how does it feel ?
alright , i'm twisting it around . you tell me when to stop .
mr . james . i know that office hour is up now , but could you work during the weekend and finish the translations ?
oh , i'm sorry . however , if you could help me out , i'll double the pay for the hours worked .
i'll need them for the conference on monday afternoon . do you think it can be done by then ?
thank you very much , mr . james .
well , unfortunately i have got something to do this weekend . but let me see ...
that's very kind of you . how soon do you really need them ?
i'll try .
don't worry , your baby is in my home .
how can i ever thank you ? i owe you a big favor .
i'm very sorry , sir . my car has broken down .
i'm afraid not .
sorry to hear that . can we do anything about it ?
then i have to call another taxi , or i'll be late .
hi . i need to have my shoes repaired .
look at the heels . they are slanting .
how much does it cost ?
i think it ' s too expensive . i can just give you 4 yuan . or i ' ll go to another b .
how long will it take ? could you repair them while i wait ?
great ! i ' ll just sit here and wait .
what ' s the matter with them ?
ah , i can do it perfectly .
6 yuan . and i can make them as new as before .
all right . i ' ll repair them for you .
yes . they will be ready in a few minutes .
hello !
i'm sorry , but i'm afraid you've dialed the wrong number . there is no stefan here .
yes . i'm sure . you have the wrong number . i have used this number for more than 20 years .
no , it isn't . it's 1199866 . it seems that you have misdialed .
it doesn't matter . it happens to everyone .
that's all right .
hello , is that stefan ?
really ? are you sure ? i called before and he was there .
that can't be true . i remember the number clearly . is your number 1199886 ?
oh , i'm sorry i bothered you . i'm really sorry .
sorry again for bothering you .
good morning . can i help you ?
do you have an appointment with her ?
okay . what ' s your name , please ?
thanks . please sit down . she ' ll be with you shortly .
good morning . i ' m here to see rochelle davis , the human resources manager .
yes , i do . i have a 10:00 appointment with her this morning .
my name is bruce green .
thank you .
excuse me , sir , do you know what time it is ?
thank you .
yeah . i was in a hurry and i forgot my umbrella today .
oh , that ' s very kind of you . i am going to the garden hotel .
sure .
oh , it ' s almost eleven twenty .
you ' re welcome . the rain is quite heavy , isn ' t it ?
i have one . we could share it . which way are you going ?
i am going there , too . we can walk together .
i'm interested in chinese antiques .
i'd like a flower-and-bird painting .
oh , they look just like live cranes .
we have a great variety of chinese antiques . besides , we have landscape painting , figure painting and flower-and-bird painting .
how about this picture of cranes with pine trees ? it was painted by a famous chinese painter in king dynasty .
and what is more , in traditional chinese thinking , cranes and pine trees symbolize longevity .
i have to check out now . my name is ruth carson . can i have my bill , please ?
thank you .
yes , it's $ 167 .
well , mitzuko-san , i hope you like it here . this is my favourite restaurant in taipei . it reminds me of my youth when i traveled around europe .
the chef trained in florence . the pasta is very good here .
hum ... you should try the mushroom fettucine . it's really good .
not at all . it has a very delicate flavor .
oh , that means soup of the day . i'll ask the waiter what they have today . have you tried mussels cooked the italian way ? they're really delicious .
it looks wonderful . very authentic .
ok . so , what can you recommend ?
is it salty ?
what does ' duppa del giono ' mean ? i'm sorry i don't know how to pronounce that .
no . i'll try them . sounds good .
i am calling to ask about the position of an usher .
what qualities do you expect the applicants to have ?
anything you would like to know ?
we expect the usher girl to be good-looking , no less than 165 centimeters high , and love smiling .
hello , ma ' am , can i help you find something ?
we ' ve got a wide selection do you know if you ' d like a point-and-shoot , or something a little fancier ? are you shopping for yourself or for someone else ?
ah , well then i ' d recommend a nice entry-level digital slr .
sure thing , follow me . this here is the .
oh , ah , um the nikon d60 is a nice option .
oh , well this one has the , uh .
so , ahem , can i interest you in any acc ...
polarizing filter um we should ! i ' m sorry , ma ' am . it looks like we ' re sold out .
oh , well , would you look at that ! polarizing filters .
no problem , ma ' am .
yes , actually i ' m looking to buy a camera .
actually i ' m buying a camera for my husband .
yeah ? can i take a look at the sirs you carry ?
the canon eos . yeah it ' s ok , but i ' m looking for something that performs better in low light , has a better display panel , and longer battery life .
yeah , but what kit lens does this camera come with ? i don ' t want some bulky telephoto lens .
looks to me like an 18-55 mm lens . pretty standard , that will do . not like my husband will be stalking celebrities or anything !
accessories ? do you carry polarizing filters ?
no you ' re not ! there are some right here !
thanks for your help , ralph !
may i help you , ma'ma ?
first you must check in at counter no . 4 .
that's right . then you will follow the signs to gate 85 .
please , where do i catch the plane for new york ?
that one there ?
thank you . you ' ve been very helpful .
mr . crandall , i ' m sorry , but i really don ' t see the value in doing this entire project over from scratch . it would take a lot of work .
i agree . but i think that we can handle the problem by making a few major changes . i ' d appreciate it if you would give me a chance .
that ' s certainly true . but , that ' s what this job is all about , maria . there's no doubt that this project is unacceptable .
all right , maria . i ' ll give you until tomorrow at 4:00 to produce a satisfactory piece of work , but otherwise , you ' ll have to re-do it .
i think it's time for me to meet my admirer and make him face the music .
i'm leaving him a message taped to my computer screen .
he'll see it . it says , i like sweets . meet me at two thirty in the parking lot .
no . but i'll fill you in later . right now i have to find vince .
you do ? how are you going to contact him ?
what does it say ? do you think he'll see it ?
can i spy on you guys from the window ?
there's plenty left . would you like another helping ?
i'd like to have some more . it's really good .
excuse me , does this bus go to the new bookstore ?
thank you . how much is the fare to that stop ?
how many stops are there ?
could you please tell me when we get there ?
by the way , do i need a transfer again after no . 50 ?
thank you .
no , you'll have to get off at the bank , and take a no . 50 .
one dollar .
two stops after this one .
sure .
no , a no . 50 will take you right there .
how are you wedding plans going ?
when will that be ready ?
you ' re getting married in three weeks . so that should be ok . so , you ' ve prepared the church , catering , transport , hotel-everything .
which hotel will the reception be held at ?
oh , yes . it ' s and excellent hotel . a friend of mine had her wedding reception there and said it was perfect , though very expensive .
i think you make the right decision .
very well . we started organizing everything early to avoid a last minute rush to get things done . the only thing that isn ' t ready yet is my wedding dress .
the dressmakers said that is would be ready in two weeks .
yes . we ' ve taken care of all of that . we decided not to get married in a church though . neither of us is very religious .
the palace hotel they ' re taking care of the catering , including the wedding cake . i ' m sure they ' ll do a good job .
yes . it will be expensive , but we think it will be worth it . it gives us great peace of mind to know that our reception is in the hands of experienced people .
have you any round-neck sweater ?
can i try this one on ?
the color is too bright . for my age , i would prefer a lighter color .
yes . actually our range of sweaters is the most comprehensive available .
sure , go ahead .
so dick , how about getting some coffee for tonight ?
come on , you can at least try a little , besides your cigarette .
not for me , dick .
coffee ? i don ' t honestly like that kind of stuff .
what ' s wrong with that ? cigarette is the thing i go crazy for .
you guys are charging me $ 10 for a movie that i never ordered or saw .
well , the wrong information is in my file . i was at a concert monday night .
i knew you'd see it my way .
am i in the twilight zone ? you're charging me for a movie i never saw ?
this is highway robbery . i've got a good mind to call the police !
let's see , sir . according to your file , you watched ' titanic ' monday evening .
well , your word overrules the file , sir . one moment , please .
sir , i deleted the $ 10 , but i had to add a $ 2 service charge to your bill .
please don't blame me , sir . blame the computer programmer .
if it makes you feel any better , other guests feel the same way .
mr . carter has asked me to come over to invite you to the banquet held in your honor at the shangri-la hotel at 7:00 this evening . here's an invitation for you .
if you could be ready by , say 6:30 o'clock , i'll be at the hotel to pick you up .
it's my pleasure . well , then . i'll say goodbye .
how nice of him . i'll be delighted to go . but what time would be convenient ?
that's great . it's most thoughtful of you to do this , miss rose .
goodbye and see you tonight . miss rose .
i'd like to speak dr . johnson .
this is robert jordan . would you ask him to call me back , please ?
sorry , but he's not in . may i take a message for you ?
ok , i'll tell him .
good morning , sir . may i see your passport ?
thank you . are all these yours ?
yes , please . do you have any carry-on items ?
yes , please . would you please open this big suitcase ?
ok . do you have anything to declare ?
any fresh food , live plants , or animals ?
thank you . you may lock up your suitcase . here are your passports .
yes , of course . here it is .
no , some of them are my friend's . do you want her passport , too ?
do you want me to put it on the belt , too ?
ok . just a moment . it's just some clothes and toiletries .
i think there is nothing .
oh , no . none of that .
thanks a lot .
hello . i bought a china dress in your shop this morning .
i bought it one size up by mistake .
i wonder if you can change it to one size down .
then i'll come to your place later in the evening , and how late is your shop open ?
yes ?
oh , did you ?
yes , of course . will you come with the receipt ?
until 8 o'clock , ma'am . we are looking forward to seeing you .
the boss announces the pay raise today , right ? how much do you think we'll get ?
it better be more than last year .
no idea . your guess is as good as mine .
well , anything is better than nothing . wait and see .
i'm going to go shopping for groceries in a little bit .
i believe we are all out of food .
i don't know what we need .
i would appreciate it if you would do that for me .
what do you mean ?
go make that list .
why , do we need groceries ?
do you know what to get ?
why don't you go and check the refrigerator ?
why don't you just get the basics ?
eggs , milk , bread . things like that .
sure , no problem .
hello , take a seat please . let's get straight to the point . this is our contract . please read it carefully before signing .
may we once more remind you that the contract should be canceled by one month notice .
since we have reached an agreement on all terms , there shouldn't be any problems for the contract .
yes , i got it . thanks .
excuse me , is this the baggage claim area from kl17 ?
well , this is my baggage claim tag . can you get my baggage now ?
thanks a lot .
yes , can i help you ?
ok , here you are .
were you able to attend friday night's basketball game ?
you should have been there . it was intense .
our team was victorious .
it was a great game .
our team won 101-98 .
that's the reason it was such a great game .
i was unable to make it .
is that right . who ended up winning ?
i wish i was free that night . i'm kind of mad that i didn't go .
what was the score at the end of the game ?
sounds like it was a close game .
the next game , i will definitely be there .
have you ever tried shopping online ?
that's right . seeing is believing .
that happens . without close quality examination , we may encounter fraud , and the e-shop may suddenly disappear .
it's said that some measures have been taken to deal with this problem . paying online is much safer than before , but i still have the feeling that it's not safe enough .
me too . sometimes i surf online shops to check some related information , and then go to a physical store to do the actual shopping .
no , never . i prefer to actually see and touch what i'm buying before i pay for it , especially for clothes and shoes .
i've heard some friends say when they get the article , it's quite different from what they see on the website advertisement .
what's more , it's not always so safe for us to pay online as hackers might steal the user name and password .
i can't agree more . that's why i only do street shopping .
that's a good idea .
how long does it take to get to downtown from here ?
what companies do we have in our neighborhood ?
does the 7th floor belong to our company too ?
it ' s such a large firm . do we have our own staff restaurant ?
it is 15 minutes ' drive .
mitsubishi , hp , ibm and many other famous corporations .
yes , our company has two floors , the 6th and 7th floor in this building .
yes , at the end of the hall .
good morning , sir . may i help you ?
excuse me , sir , but are you mr . richard of world trading company ?
i ' m sorry , mr . richard . mr . johnson is on his way to the office . he had just called and asked you to wait a minute .
would you like something to drink , sir ? do you prefer coffee or tea ?
here you are , mr . richard . this is the cream and this is the sugar . if there ' s anything else you ' d like , please don ' t hesitate to tell me .
good morning , i have an appointment with mr . johnson at 10:00
yes . that ' s right .
well , i ' ll wait .
thank you . coffee , please .
thank you very much .
911 . how may i help you ?
when did this break-in occur ?
where did the break-in happen ?
was anything taken ?
what makes you think there was a break-in ?
i'll send a squad car .
i need to report a break-in .
last night .
it happened at my house .
i'm not sure yet .
my front window was busted .
please hurry .
good morning , everyone . let me introduce myself to you ...
well , thank you very much but i thought l'd try and chair the meeting by the rule -- at least for a while .
now , i'd like to get things under way . the main topic on today's agenda is the development of a u . s . sales strategy for the new ebb . i'd like to hear all of your ideas , mr . wall , you seem in top form today . could you start the ball rolling ?
well , that's kind of obvious .
uh , let's keep this going , shall we ?
you don't need to introduce yourself , yang . you're famous .
ok , ok !
uh , oh , sure . well , i think we should keep in mind that the key to good sales is advertising .
give me a break , mr yang .
i'm sorry , but i don't think this damage is our fault .
it looks like the shipping company did this .
what do you mean ?
we'd better take it up with them , in that case .
i ' m glad you could find time to meet with me , mr . johnson . i can ' t think of a nicer environment for our meeting today , the ambiance here is lovely !
well , as you know , i have recently become the sole distributor for grangers gourmet bon-bons here in the united states . they ' re a new manufacturer and are looking to break into the luxury market . naturally , your restaurant sprang into my mind immediately . i think your brand exemplifies many of the same traits as grangers and serving these chocolates would really add to your reputation for providing elegant , luxurious , first class dining .
actually , the factory is located in scotland .
that ' s what makes this such a fantastic opportunity ! the government is one hundred percent supportive of creating new export markets and has guaranteed a low tariff for all wholesale orders of over one thousand units . they ' ve also reduced the red tape involved at customs as well . here , i brought these especially for you , try one !
unique , aren ' t they ? i bet you ' ve never tasted anything like it ! quality is assured as i personally visit the factory to make sure no one ' s cutting corners with the ingredients . only the creme make it through inspection .
i have it on highest authority that this traditional secret recipe has been handed down in the granger family for generations . i ' m sure you can keep a secret . buttermilk , cacao beans , sugar and haggis .
it ' s a traditional scottish delicacy , you take sheep ' s liver , heart and lung and stuff it inside of the sheep ' s stomach .
mr . johnson ? mr . johnson ?
no problem , if possible i always combine business with pleasure . now , let ' s hear more about these chocolates you ' re offering .
mmmm , sounds interesting ... gourmet chocolates , where are they produced ? belgium ?
really ? i didn ' t think they were known for their luxury chocolate production
oh , thanks . mmm , hmm , creamy texture , very smooth ...
yes , very interesting flavors ... slightly spicy , very unique , that ' s for sure . exactly what are the ingredients ?
haggis ? what ' s haggis ?
ah , get back to you .
do you need a guide ?
it's $ 20 . if you are staying for more than 3 days in the city , the charge is $ 16 per day .
yes , we are just looking for one . what's the charge per day ?
that's reasonable .
aren't you jim green ?
i believe we met at a concert last year . i'm taylor .
yes , that's right .
oh , yes . i remember .
lucy , i ' d like to fix the light in the corridor , it keeps flashing , which drives me crazy . would you like to help me with the ladder ?
i think i can handle it by myself .
i see . if i got hurt when fixing the light , even during office hours , i wouldn ' t get compensation from our company since repairing is not my responsibility .
like this one ? never wear loose clothes or hair when operating the shredder . yeah , thank you for telling me .
monica , wait a moment . i think we ' d better call the repair man to do it .
i ' d like you to have a look at the safety manual of our company .
other company rules also need your attention .
don ' t mention it .
thank god ! i am finished writing that service guide ! it took me forever !
this morning ! no more overtime , and no more headaches !
when did you finish ?
well , i ' m glad to hear it . have a cup of coffee !
i didn ' t receive an unemployment check this week and need to know why .
i am afraid that i forgot to send it in .
is it too late to mail the continued claim form in now ?
i will mail it in a little early next time to avoid this problem .
will my paycheck arrive late because i messed up on my form ?
did you mail us your last continued claim form ?
we cannot pay you unless you turn that form in every two weeks .
it can ' t be more than fourteen days late for us to accept it .
you can ' t possibly know in advance how much you will be working . if you mail it in too soon , we will reject it !
your check will be arriving late , but the next one will come right on time .
i should tell you that i'm checking out in about 30 minutes .
very good ! now , it's still morning here in new york .
i'm going to spend some time exploring the city . what can i do with my luggage ?
a deposit ? isn't my luggage a deposit ?
okay . let me think about this .
i'm ready when you are , sir .
you are so right , sir . the clock just struck nine .
sir , right here we have a storage site . its only $ 5 an hour , but you need to leave a deposit .
i'm sorry , sir , but it isn't . your mastercard or visa will take care of things nicely .
okay , sir . but don't take too long . you only have 30 minutes .
may i take your order ?
and what would you like after that ?
yes . i'd like a cup of onion soup .
i'd like the roast chicken , please .
it's the latest and quite popular among young people .
sure . here is your receipt .
you can refund it in 7 days and exchange it in one year .
yes , i know and i like it very much . i will take it .
how long is this cell phone guaranteed ?
hey honey , how was your day ?
why ? what happened ?
yeah , you ' re right . we aren ' t getting any younger and our kids are getting older .
sounds good , although , do you think we can qualify for insurance ? those insurance companies are real pirates when it comes to money .
i wish our company or country provided us with healthcare .
it was alright . i ran into bill and we got to talking for a while . he ' s in a bit of a jam .
well , his son had an accident and bill doesn ' t have health insurance . this really got me thinking , and i wondered if we shouldn ' t look into a couple of different hmo ' s .
exactly ! i searched on the web and found a couple of hmo ' s with low co-pays and good coverage . the deductibles are low , too .
well , we don ' t have any pre-existing illnesses or conditions , so we should be fine .
not in a million years !
hello . can you tell me what the procedures of applying for a job are ?
what is the qualification needed by the position ?
yes , of course . there are many steps . you can apply for the job on the internet and then send your resume to the e-mail address of the company . and wail the feedback of the company .
you must have over 2 years'experience first .
what did you do today ?
did you win ?
played poker with my work friends .
of course .
i'd like to withdraw some money from my account .
sure .
that's right .
can i see your passbook and the withdrawal slip , please ?
let me just make sure . you want to withdraw one thousand dollars ?
can i have a look at that digital camera please ?
how much does it cost ?
it looks pretty good . i think i'll take it .
that's all thank you .
yes of course . this is a really good one actually .
this one is 1500 yuan .
would you like anything else ?
i need something to wash this down . is there any juice in the fridge ?
it's a green drink . it's supposed to be full of vitamins and minerals .
the sales lady said that even if i eat right , i wouldn't get enough vitamins .
it's easier to drink this once a day than eat fruit and vegetables all day .
what is that ? it looks like something from a swamp !
you know , healthy eating doesn't have to make you gag .
have you ever tried it ? or are you just going to believe the sales lady ?
it may take less time , but i don't know about easier . yuck .
billy , you are late again .
yes he ' s in his office .
don't take any chances . it'd be best if you told him and promised not to be late again . he's already mad at you for last 2 times . any more and he might fire you .
i think he might . you'd better go to his office .
good luck !
i'm sorry i'm late . i overslept . is the manager here today ?
oh , i hope he didn't notice me .
you said it . it won't happen again . do you really think he'd fire me ?
you are probably right . i'll go right now and apologize . i try hard not to be late but it is difficult with beijing traffic .
how much is the rent ?
and how much is the deposit ?
the rent is $ 1500 per month .
the deposit is $ 500 .
is there anything else , apart from the credit rating and debt to asset ratio ?
right , ok . that , again , shouldn't be a problem .
well , as far as i can tell , we qualify .
there is the balance of net liabilities . this must not exceed its net assets and no business loss can be shown during the past two years .
and the total ratio of return on assets should not be lower than the average , for that particular industry , for the first two quarters of the year .
of course we will need proof , originals and duplicate of everything . as soon as you bring in the proof and we assess it , it should be very quick indeed .
do you understand any other foreign languages besides english ?
what band did you pass in japanese language proficiency test ?
yes , i know a little about japanese which is similar to chinese not only in culture but in language itself .
i passed the band two in lpt , but i will try to achieve band one which is the highest level .
what seems to the trouble mr brown ?
oh , in what way .
did you lose any weight ?
when was the last time you have track up ?
let me take your blood pressure . you look anilic . well , mr . brown . i ' m happy to say it ' s nothing serious . you just a little run down from overwork .
i think you ' ll needs just vacation . try to get out doors more . i ' ll be sure if you get more rest .
i ' m in pretty bad shape , doctor ford .
no appetite , always unaged and i can ' t sleep well .
yes . i ' ve lost quite a few pounds since last month .
about two month ago .
what am i suppose to do ?
thank you , doctor . i ' ll do what you say .
may i see your passport , please ?
you are here on business , i think ?
how long will you be staying ?
how many pieces of baggage have you got ?
do you intend to take it out on your departure ?
according to the regulations , the camera you've brought along for personal use can be passed for the time being duty free , but you will have to take it out with you when you leave the country .
well . have a pleasant stay in germany .
certainly . here it is .
that's right . a german company has invited me for business talks .
just two weeks .
only one . in this case , i have a camera .
yes , i do .
i will .
thank you .
excuse me . what should be included in my cv ?
what kind of personal information ?
generally speaking , a cv or resume is made up of 6 parts , personal information , educational experience , practical experience , personal skills , self-evaluation and job intentions .
including your name , sex , date of birth , height , phone number , and so on .
may i come in ?
nice to meet you , mr . peter . i ' m wang sian . i ' ve come for an interview as requested .
thank you .
i majored in public relations .
yes , after my graduation , i worked in a trade company in macao for one year .
the export business section .
yes , very much .
yes , please . i ' m mr . peter , the director of personnel . what can i do for you ?
oh , yes . how do you do , miss wang ? sit down , please .
what was your major in school ?
have you done any work in this field ?
what section did you work in ?
so you must be very familiar with export procedures .
that's good .
where to , ma'am ?
the grand hotel ?
no , madam . i don't think i do .
oh , yes . i know where it is .
the grand hotel .
yes . do you know where it is ?
it's the 11th avenue , park street .
would you like to order now ?
what would you like for your main course ?
yes . i'll have the shrimp cocktail to start .
i'll have a steak , medium rare .
do you have something to read ?
could you lend me one ?
thanks . it's rather cold this morning , wouldn't you say ?
do you know the news ?
brazil wins the world cup .
yes , i do .
ok . here you are .
you're right .
which one ?
yes , i see .
we have the orientation this afternoon .
the company introduction , our mission , vision , various policies , insurances , pension plan , company id , batch , telephone , e-mail set-up and training .
yes , it is not easy .
what ' s going to be covered in the orientation ?
quite a lot . all them one afternoon ?
it is ok with me . i enjoy being busy and learning new things .
excuse me , could you please show me the way to the human resource department ?
yes , of course . i am monica . i have made an appointment with your hr manager .
thank you very much .
yeah , but have you made an appointment ahead ?
just a minute please . i ' ll make a call to the hr office . yes , they confirm your appointment . please come in . it is on the 3rd floor , room 3106 . you can take the right elevator as the left on is in maintenance today .
you ' re welcome .
when can you get the finished product to me ?
great ! that ' ll be ahead of schedule ! good work .
we should have it put together by the end of next week .
well , as the saying goes -- we aim to please !
have you got any cheaper ones ?
that's more reasonable . i'll take this one .
here are some . they ' re on special sale these days .
good morning . what can i do for you ?
you've come to the right store . we've got a beautiful and wide selection of earrings for you to choose from .
do you mean the exquisite pearl earrings ?
they're only three thousand yuan .
well , it's specially made of a platinum alloy , sir , and the lustre will never fade out .
you've made an excellent choice , sir .
i'm looking for some earrings for my wife as a wedding anniversary gift .
i saw a pair of earrings outside your window . can you show them to me ?
exactly . how much do you want for them ?
what is this setting made of ?
i'ii take them . please wrap them up tor me and give me the receipt .
room service .
right . excuse me . mrs . jones ?
what can i do for you ?
just a few minutes , ma'am .
good morning . this is room 113 . i'd like some breakfast , please .
that's right .
i'd like some grapefruit juice , marmalade , two scrambled eggs with two sausages , toast , and a pot of black coffee , please . how long will it take ?
great . thank you .
hi , sam . i want to buy a pet . do you have any ideas ?
why ? anything special there ?
oh , really ? are there any snakes ?
that's terrific . i can't wait to check it out .
why not ? it's so cool .
pardon ?
well , i didn't realize that .
oh , i should have thought of my brother's baby girl . maybe i'll just have a dog instead of an exotic pet .
you really should go to rachel's pet store .
it's more than special . you can find as many kinds of animals as you can put a name to and more .
snakes ? there are even rodents and monkeys ! it's a world of exotic pets .
hang on . are you sure you want to keep a non-traditional pet ?
but it will pose a risk to your health .
i mean , most reptiles carry some harmful bacteria , they are likely to cause immune system problems .
i don't believe it's a good choice to keep those pets , especially for families with young children .
yes , good luck , maria .
hello , this is room 1205 . our message lamp is flashing .
thank you .
would you bring the message to my room .
then i'll come down and pick up the message immediately .
hold on a minute , please .
i am sorry to have kept you waiting . mr . johns needs a telephone call from you .
i'm afraid we have nobody available at the moment .
ok , we wait for you .
guess what ? i've got great news !
well , you know how i've been working at the economist as a proof-reader , right ?
well , the editor-in-chief heard that i had experience as an editor at another magadize and asked me if i was interested in becoming an assistant editor for him .
she said that the columnist for the literary criticism column would be going on pregnancy leave soon and that i could be in charge of the column until she came back .
it's a monthly magazine , but my column will be shared with another columnist so my articles will be due fortnightly .
yes , but i'm even more excited about getting my thoughts published again !
i don't have any with me , but i think i could manage to bring a free copy home for you .
me , too . do you want to go out to celebrate my good news ?
perhaps we could go to the library festival that's going on at the local bookshop .
what is it ?
yes .
really ? that's fantastic ! will you get a chance to do any writing ?
wow ! that's really great news . how often does the magazine come out ?
are you looking forward to doing more editing work ?
do you have any order forms here so that i can get a subscription to the magazine ?
i'm really looking forward to reading your column .
sure , where would you like to go ?
have you seen the new cosmo magazine that i was reading this morning ?
you're right , thanks . there's an interesting interview with a top director about his latest film that i want to finish .
it's martin scorsese . you liked his film , the departed , didn't you ?
sure . you know it has an online edition , too . you should go online to read if you want to read it now .
no . i don't buy it regularly enough for it to be worthwhile .
it's almost three pounds now , and i think they're going to put the price up to four pounds soon .
cosmo mainly has a middle-class readership , but i think circulation will fall dramatically if the price goes up anymore .
i think i may have seen it on the kitchen table .
who's the director ?
yes , it was fantastic ! can i read the article when you're finished ?
that's ok . i'll wait until you're finished . just out of curiosity , do you have a subscription for that magadize ?
how much does the magadize cost ?
that's quite expensive . who is their target audience ?
i bet you'll still buy it , though . you wouldn't be able to live without your fashion magazine !
wei ! this is a first-you didn't bargain !
but you could have saved money .
f . y . i . , there is a flea market nearby , but maybe you're done ...
bargain ? i'd feel way too guilty .
from a sweet ma ? ! it's not worth it . plus , i'd happily pay more for these things i bought !
ha ! i'm just warming up ! please take me there now !
can you help me do an internet search ?
i want to find information on the american civil war .
yes , i want to know about the battle of gettysburg .
oh wow , there are a lot of sites .
thanks .
thanks . if i ' m interested , i ' ll go to the library .
sure . what do you want to find ?
well , can you be more specific ? there are a lot of websites about that .
o . k . well , go to google . com , and type in " battle of gettysburg . "
here , try this one . it ' s a good site about gettysburg .
for detailed information , however , you should read a history book .
i just have to come up for air . i ' ve been here for too long a time .
ok . you ' d better come back in two hours .
good afternoon . i'd like to speak with tom smith .
do you know when he will be back ?
is there some way i can get into contact with him ?
thanks . and could i have his e-mail , just in case i can't get him by phone ?
thank you so much . does he read his e-mails daily ?
great . thanks again . you've been very helpful .
i'm afraid he's away from his desk at the moment .
he's away on a business trip . he won't be back until some time next week .
the best way to reach him is by cell phone . i'll give you his number .
sure . his cell phone is 09112223 33 . and his e-mail is lower case t , smith--that's one word , at , c , c , w , dot , com , dot , t , w .
yes . he usually replies immediately .
my pleasure . i hope you get a hold of him .
what seems to be the trouble , mr . brown ?
oh , in what way ?
did you lose any weight ?
when was the last time you had a check-up ?
let me take your blood pressure . you look anemic .
you're just a little run-down from overwork .
i think all you need is just a vacation .
thank you , doctor . i'll do as you say .
i'm in pretty bad shape , dr . ford .
no appetite , always on edge , and i can't sleep well .
yes , i have lost quite a few pounds since last month .
about two month ago .
well , mr . brown , i'm happy to say it's nothing serious .
what am i supposed to do ?
try to get outdoors more and be sure to get more rest .
good morning , angela , how have you been lately ?
well , rest assured that you can count on us to be here for the long run , sitdown . coffee ?
haha , i could never do that . i ' d be a zombie if i didn ' t have my morning coffee fix . let ' s get down to business then .
that ' s great ! i ' m glad to hear that pear has finally jumped on the bandwagon . right now our contract is for the five megapixel cameras . is pear still interested in having those ?
surely . let ' s get started by drafting a new contract .
morning , michael . i ' ve been very busy lately . one of our other vendors is going out of business and i ' ve been searching for a suitable replacement .
no , thanks . i ' ve been trying to cut down on the caffeine .
yes . i ' ve come to talk with you about ordering the eight megapixel cameras for our new methone . the demand for phone cameras is growing , and pear has been falling behind in the market .
no , we ' re changing all the cameras to eight megapixels . we were hoping that by making your company our sole supplier for cameras we could negotiate a better deal .
can i get my dress today ?
yes . is that available now ?
you have ordered a red dress , is that right ?
yes , here you are . try it in front of the mirror .
did you hear about the robbery ?
are you serious ?
what happened ?
that's insane .
then what happened ?
did the cops show up in time ?
did i hear about it ? i saw it happen .
i was there .
a man came into the bank with a gun .
i was so scared when i saw the gun .
he took the money and tried to get away .
he didn't even make it out the door .
hello ! what are you reading about in the newspaper ?
people are starting to get frightened by it . everyone will be relieved when they finally catch the murder .
there must have been some good news in the newspaper . i can ' t believe that none of the news stories make you happy or excited .
yes . her parents were raising money to have her treated in the united states .
i ' m so happy for the family ! they must be very relieved and excited about that .
don ' t be moody ! i hope you ' re not tired , because we ' ve been invited to a party this evening . i know how excited you get about parties .
hello ! i was exhausted form studying , so i decided to read the newspaper to relax . unfortunately , the news is so depressing . there has been another murder in the city center . i ' m shocked that the pole
you mean if they catch the murderer . i ' m scared stiff about going into the city center at night .
well , there was one good piece of news . you remember the local girl who was dying of a rare blood disease ?
well , they ' ve got the money and she ' s going tomorrow for treatment .
i ' m sure they are . oh , and a local man won the lottery . i ' m so jealous ! i wish it were me ! i buy a lottery ticket every week and i ' m amazed that i haven ' t even won a small prize yet . it ' s so unfair !
how much is it all together ?
is it possible for you to reduce the price ?
let me see . the bell-bottom pants are $ 90 and the coat is $ 120 . it comes to $ 210 .
i am sorry . it's a one-price shop .
this is the bell captain's desk . may i help you ?
i'm very sorry to hear that . may i have your name and room number , please ?
and how many pieces did you have ?
is there a name tag attached to them ?
we're very sorry for the delay . i'll check immediately and call you back .
yes , i've been waiting for my bags to be sent up for the last half hour . where are they ?
yes , it's yao lan . room 406 .
two suitcases and a handbag . the suitcases are blue and the shoulder bag is red .
yes , there is .
are you finished ?
oh , sure . i'll be back in a minute . thank you for waiting . here it is . did you enjoy your meal ?
is that so ? i'm glad you enjoyed it .
toilets are in the rear . i'm afraid all the toilets are fully occupied at the moment .
yes . may i have some more beer ?
yes , the meal was very delicious and i enjoyed very much . i'm full .
by the way , miss . where is the toilet ?
what ?
you look fresh recently . how do you make it ?
aren't you tired ?
i attend an aerobic class three times a week .
no , i feel young , fresh and energetic .
hello , this is liu juan speaking . is that mr . brown ?
could you please get him on the phone ?
no , this isn't .
sure . wait a minute .
it's especially cold when the wind is blowing .
what can wearing one do for me ?
so wearing a scarf helps your body to stay warm inside your jacket .
you know , sometimes i can't feel my ears and fingers .
thanks , pam . you're my lifesaver .
why don't you wear a scarf ?
you're cold because the wind is blowing into your open collar . it's not because your jacket isn't thick enough .
yes . that's the secret to wearing a thin jacket .
i'll lend you my gloves and earmuffs until you get your own .
hey , could you help me try and figure out how to get ready for my job interview ?
yes , i pretty much understand the company .
yes , i've been observing them .
i already have something to wear .
ok , i am ready to think of other things .
the most important thing to do is to make sure you know the company and what services or products it provides . do you know all about them ?
well , after you've done your research , you have to decide whether the company is casual or formal . have you decided what they are yet ?
when you are choosing what to wear , keep all of that in mind . have you chosen what to wear ?
i would always be ready to go shopping with you ! should we talk about other basics ?
you need to make sure you arrive on time , smile , be pleasant and friendly , look the person in the eye and answer all questions to the best of your ability . you'll do great !
is there anything i can do for you ?
certainly . here you are .
four hundred yuan .
i'm sorry . ours is a fixed price shop and i can assure you this is the best price you can get for a mural like this .
well , i'll have it wrapped for you .
thank you . please come again .
would you please show me that mural ?
it looks so beautiful . how much is it ?
that's a bit more than i wanted to pay . can you cut the price down a bit ?
maybe you are right . ok , i'll take it .
thank you . here is four hundred yuan .
it ' s so great to be here ! i ' m so excited to help you and my daughter with your new home !
that ' d be great , but could i have a cup of tea first ?
that would be lovely , thanks .
i ' ll take a little milk , but no sugar , please . make sure you let the tea steep a few minutes before you take the tea bag out of the cup .
well , i do like the mantelpiece and the coffee table , but i don ' t really care for curtains . did you get them at a yard sale ? they look ancient .
oh dear . well , i suppose they will do for now . do you ever dust in here ? it seems a bit dusty in here .
i see . well , i can help with the chores while i ' m here . you two could probably use my help .
we ' re glad that you ' re here . would you like a tour of the house ?
sure , i ' ll just go put the kettle on . why don ' t you have a seat on the sofa and i ' ll go take care of things in the kitchen .
do you take milk or sugar with your tea ?
ok . what do you think about our living room ?
my parents gave them to us as a house warming gift .
your daughter usually does the dusting , and i do the vacuuming .
that ' s very nice of you to offer . here ' s your tea . be careful , it ' s still quite hot .
my lease ends next month , so i have to find a new place .
do you know any places ?
thank you . i think i should also have a look at the internet to see if anyone's got a sublet .
i can only afford about 1,000 yuan a month .
it doesn't matter , but it needs to be close to the subway or on a convenient bus route .
i want a bedroom with full bath , and it'll be better if the bedroom is on the sunny side .
why ? will those be students who are leaving ?
thank you . i'll be sure to take a look .
i feel sorry for you . it's a jungle out there .
well . i guess i can ask around to see if anyone's got a room or apartment available .
how much do are you looking to spend ?
looks like you'll have to get a place in the suburbs .
anything you need to have in the place ?
you can also check out university bulletin boards .
not really , but landlords put up notices to attract students and they often have low rent .
good luck .
good afternoon , how may i help you ?
who are they for ?
what kind of flowers would you like ?
ok . what's the reason you are sending her flowers ?
do you know what kind of flowers she likes ?
well , they're for your wife , so i think you should give her roses .
what color ?
do you want to pick them up or should we deliver them ?
what's the address ?
hi , i'd like to order some flowers .
they're for my wife . her name is samantha .
i don't know . i don't know too much about flowers . can you recommend something ?
today's her birthday and she told me she wants me to buy her flowers .
i'm not sure . i know i should know that , but i can't remember right now .
roses will be fine .
i think red would be nice .
can you deliver them , please ?
241 main street .
what do you think i should do , doctor ?
is it useful for me ?
ok . thanks a lot .
why don't you try chinese herbal medicine ?
you have to try at least .
that's nothing .
what do you need today ?
what kind of classes would you like to take ?
okay , you're going to need to make an appointment .
you need to make one to come down and fill out your paperwork .
sure you can ; when would you like to come in ?
that'll be fine .
i need to take a few classes .
how about a driver's course ?
i don't understand why i need to make an appointment .
i'd like to make one now if i could .
i'd like to come in tomorrow morning at 9
that's great . thank you very much .
hello , thank you for calling bradford and sons . this is tracy speaking , how may i help you ?
just a moment . i'll check to see if she is at her desk . may i tell her who is calling ?
thank you , mr . burton . can you please hold for a moment ? i'll check to see if she is available .
i'm sorry , ms . jenkins is away from her desk . she has already left for lunch . would you like to leave a message for her ?
hello . i would like to speak to your director of human resources , ms . jenkins , please .
this is bill burton from milford insurance , i'm calling in regards to our meeting next tuesday .
no problem .
how's jimmy today ?
can i see him please , mrs williams ?
you look very well , jimmy . you are better now , but you mustn't get up yet . you must stay in bed for another two days . the boy mustn't go to school yet , mrs williams . and he mustn't eat rich food .
no , he doesn ' t .
yes . he must remain in bed for another two days . he can get up for about two hours each day , but you must keep the room warm . where's mr williams this evening ?
better , thank you , doctor .
certainly , doctor . come upstairs .
does he have a temperature , doctor ?
must he stay in bed ?
he's in bed , doctor . can you see him , please ? he has a bad cold , too !
well , tell me something of yourself .
what working experience have you get ?
oh , good . irene , can you tell me why you plan to quit being a sales manager to work here as my assistant ? don't you like your present job ?
what would you like to know , mr . green ?
in 2004 , i got a job in the sales department of a trading company near guangzhou . i started a sales representative . a year later , i was promoted to the position of sales manager . i had that job ever since , which is just over a year now .
frankly , some part of it i enjoy very much , but i prefer something more professional . it happens that i have a friend working here in this company . she told me the export department was to recruit an assistant . i felt very excited at this news . that's why i'm here .
this looks wonderful , madame culot .
thank you . mmm . can you tell me about the terrine ?
mmm . maybe another time .
sounds good . i think i'll have the lamb for my main course . what does it come with ?
i'll have the potatoes . what are you having ?
oh , yes . that would be lovely .
yes , it's very nice . all our foreign visitors enjoy it . the food is wonderfully well-prepared . let me know if you need any help with the menu .
yes . a terrine is a kind of meat pate . it's meat turned into a paste . it sounds horrible but it's actually really good .
you could try the ravioli . they are rather like your chinese dumplings , and the sauce is delicious .
well , you can have fries-french fries-or simple boiled potatoes .
i'm having my usual . i like the fish here . would you like some wine ?
hi , could we have two orange juice smoothies ?
sure , why not ?
caterpillar fungus ? ! what the heck is that ?
would you like those with yogurt ?
what else would you like to add ? we highly recommend caterpillar fungus .
it ' s a special kind of chinese herb . it ' s good for you !
wow , amy , look at that number .
what do you mean ? it's a scrim .
i love that kind of stuff .
sure do . i get a kick out of looking punk .
i don't care how much it costs . i'm rolling in it .
i got a replace my party outfit , i trashed it last week .
are you on the level ? you're the one who called me , remember ?
what's so great about it ?
not to me , i wouldn't be caught dead in that .
yeah , you seem to like those styles .
this one looks really expensive though .
lucky you ! i can't buy anything else . i'm flat broke .
why did you drag me into this ? i've spent a week salary .
just joking , tonia . i've got some wonderful clothes . let's go and have a close look at your outfit .
i have just received your note which informs me that you have offered the accountant position to another candidate . may i ask why i was defeated ?
experience is important , but don't you think capability is more valuable than that ?
maybe you can hire me on trial . if i'm not qualified for the job , you can let me go .
we have thought of you carefully with discretion , but the other candidate has more experiences .
yes , i think so . but how do you prove to me that you are more capable ?
good idea .
excuse me , sir . is there a barber near here ?
i'm a stranger here . how can i get there , please ?
thank you very much .
yes , the nearest one is at the third cross of this road .
just walk down the road for a few minutes , and you'll find it on your right .
unfortunately , according to our regulations i have to confiscate these counterfeit notes .
i'm sorry but it is our regulation , so i must follow it . we will issue you with a receipt to show that the notes you presented us with are counterfeit and have been confiscated . then , if you wish to pay in some more cash , you are free to do so .
here's your passbook back and the receipt to say we confiscated the 500 rib worth of counterfeit notes .
yes . please fill in a new deposit slip and we can continue .
so , this 500 rib is worthless ?
right , i see . let me give you another 500 rib .
thanks . now can i make the full deposit ?
ok , honey , time to take down the christmas tree .
come on , it ' s losing needles all the time and the branches are sagging .
a good atmosphere ? the tree is falling apart , and it ' s messing up the room .
but christmas was two weeks ago ! it ' s been there only because we ' ve been too busy to get rid of it .
but it ' s falling apart , and the cat keeps playing with the lower branches .
yeah , it was a good christmas . it won ' t always be this good , but we can ' t make it last longer than it should .
i ' ll make a deal with you . we ' ll leave it up until sunday , and then we ' ll take it down after church .
do we have to ?
it ' s not that bad , besides it really looks nice in that corner . it gives the room a good atmosphere .
but it makes the place feel so much like christmas . i ' d really hate to have to take it down .
i know , but it seems like such a shame to have to take it away .
i know , i know . but it reminds me of the great christmas we just had . all of us were here - - my parents , your parents , the kids , and the cousins - - the food was good , and everybody got what they wanted .
ok , fine . we need to take down the tree .
welcome , how may i help you today ?
then you will be happy to here that today all our pizzas are on sale . two for one .
what size would you like ?
which kind do you want ?
we have two seafood pizzas . tuna and crab .
would that be for here or take away ?
that'll be in a ten minutes . please sit over there , and i'll call you over as sooner as it's ready .
i'm ask for a pizza , please .
you're right , that is great .
medium one will be perfect , thank you
i like seafood on my pizza .
tuna sounds good today .
that would be to go .
no problem .
good afternoon . can i help you ?
are you also suffering from pain and fever ?
i'll give you some tablets that should make you feel better . one moment , please . here you are . take these tablets three times a day swallow them with water .
take on after each meal .
take them for two days . if your symptoms persist for more than two days , you should see a doctor also , be sure to drink plenty of water to prevent dehydration .
i need some remedies for an upset stomach .
yes , and i also have the runs
when should i take them ?
how long should i continue taking them ?
thank you for your advice .
ticket , please . do you have a seat preference ?
sure . please put your baggage on scale .
20kg . yours is not overweight . here is your boarding pass and baggage tag . please go to the satellite hall to wait for boarding .
yes . i want a window seat definitely , in the smoking section .
what's the weight limit ?
thank you .
what time is our connecting flight ?
wow , that's cutting it close ! that means we only have 25 minutes to make the connection ! what gate is it at ?
oh , great ! that ' s at the other end of the terminal !
i ' m be right behind ya !
let me check . oh , oh ! it ' s at 3:25 .
it ' s at ... gate 14 .
ok , so here ' s the plan ; when we land , run to gate 14 !
i need to get my high speed internet installed .
could i do that right now , please ?
is friday good ?
you can't come any earlier than that ?
are you available this saturday ?
how does 11
you'll need to make an appointment .
what day would you like us to do the installation ?
we're only available at 3
i'm sorry . that's the only available time .
yes . anytime on saturday will be fine .
we can do it . see you then .
it's such a nice day .
it looks like it may rain soon .
why is that ?
me too . it always smells so fresh after it rains .
really ? why is that ?
i really hope it rains today .
yes , it is .
yes , and i hope that it does .
i really love how rain clears the air .
yes , but i love the night air after it rains .
because you can see the stars perfectly .
yeah , me too .
can we have a table for three , please ?
do you have a table for four , please ?
we'd like a non-smoking table , please .
sorry , all the tables for three are reserved .
yes , smoking or non-smoking ?
come with me , please .
i'm a little rushed . is there any quicker way to get there ?
how much will that run me ?
do the drivers speak english ?
are they safe ?
yeah , of course . you can take a taxi .
it depends on traffic and distance , but it is reasonable .
some are better than others . but , you shouldn't have a problem .
for the most part , yes . if you don't feel comfortable with it , then it is best not to take one at night .
hey jimmy . let's go workout later today .
how about at 3:30 ?
hey . i just played basketball earlier , so my legs are a little sore . let's work out on arms and stomach today .
c'mon . we're only switching two days . you can do legs on friday .
sure . what time do you want to go ?
that sounds good . today we work on legs and forearm .
i'm on a weekly schedule . you're messing everything up .
aright . i'll meet you at the gym at 3:30 then .
i have some great news ! i was able to switch to the night shift !
i got to meet the night anger today too . we got along right from the start .
not yet , i pick it up tomorrow .
yes , i'll be managing the guys on the dock .
i knew everything would work out for you !
wonderful ! do you already have your work schedule ?
do you know what you will be doing yet ?
you're so good with people . i think they will like you !
next , please . may i help you , sir ?
certainly , i can can help you with that . what type of account would you like to open ? a chequing or a savings account ?
well , if you just take a look here , see , with our chequing account , you can have unlimited daily transactions for a small monthly fee , and our savings account has a higher interest rate , but you must carry a minimum balance of $ 10,000 dollars .
alright , then , with this chequing account you ' ll be issued a debit card and a cheque book . will you require overdraft protection ? there is an extra fee for that .
in that case , i ' ll get you to fill out this paperwork . i ' ll need your social insurance number , and two pieces of government id . if you could just sign here , and here , and here . we ' ll be all set . would you like to make a deposit today ?
hello , yes , i ' d like to open a bank account .
what what features do they offer ?
i see , well , i think i ' m more interested in a chequing account . i like to have easy access to my money .
no , that won ' t be necessary .
yes , i ' d like to deposit one billion dollars .
would you check the engine , please ? it is knocking .
yes , please . when can you get it done ?
by credit .
sure . do you want to have the car washed ?
you can pick it up in half an hour . by the way , how are you going to pay , cash or credit ?
have you decided what you ' re going to do during your holiday ?
wow , that sounds great ! where are you going ?
oh that will be lovely . you ' ll be able to do lots of shopping i expect .
great . make sure you buy me a souvenir !
yes . i ' m going to travel around europe .
i think i will start off in paris . then i ' m going to take the train to nice and then go on to milan .
oh yes and try lots of new food too .
oh , don ' t worry , i will !
it ' s nice meeting you .
i am happy to be speaking to a presidential candidate .
what do you feel about gay marriage ?
would you legalize gay marriage ?
many people won ' t like that .
i really like you .
it ' s nice to meet you , too .
would you like to ask me anything ?
i think everyone has the right to love who they want .
yes , i would .
i ' m sure they won ' t , but that ' s my view on gay marriage .
i really appreciate that .
hello ? this is john smith . can i speak to mr . white , please ?
hi . i understand that you have a house for sale , haven ' t you ?
i ' d like to know more about it .
ok . i will be there .
bye .
this is mr . white speaking .
yes .
can you come to my office this afternoon at 3 o ' clock ?
thank you for calling . goodbye .
please fill in the arrival card and sign the register .
room 202 , but i'm afraid we have to ask for a deposit of $ 200 .
all right . which room shall i have ?
marketing manage office , can i help you ?
sorry , he's out .
sorry , i am not sure , can i take a message ?
that's fine . please call again later .
mr green , please .
what time you suspect back them ?
no , thanks . i'll call back later .
ok , thank you . goodbye .
so tell me , what's the difference between the board of directors , the ceo , and the stockholders ? they all seems ot be the same group of people to me ...
how many people are on the board of directors ?
no , there's a definite difference . you know , the stockholders are the people who own the company ... they're the financial control system . then there's the ceo -- the chief executive officer . he's the hot shot , the main guy who is the boss . if there is only one person with absolute power in the organization , everyone knows that the power will go to their head . it's too dangerous . that's the reason for a board of directors . the board is made up of people who are experts in the industry . they could be related to the organization , but more commonly , they are independent and non-biased .
usually not more than 15 , not less than 10 . they meet monthly , quarterly , or biannually to oversee an organization or company . they provide long term planing and vision , and also act as moral watchdogs rto keep the company in line .
how much will my pay be , if you don ' t mind my asking ?
yes , thank you . may i ask for an apartment ?
we would like to start you off at 1,500 yuan a month , not including bonus and overtime pay . we don ' t give bonus every month , but we offer a semi-annual bonus . and you will receive two weeks paid vacation a year , as well . does it suit you ?
no problem . we'll supply you with an apartment of two bedrooms and a living room .
mum , can i finish my homework later ?
but i want to watch tv now .
please .
not even for an hour ?
sorry . you know the rules .
that ' s out of the question .
not a chance .
sorry , it ' s impossible .
where ' s sally , jack ?
what ' s she doing ?
is tim in the garden , too ?
i beg your pardon ? who ' s climbing the tree .
what about the dog ?
she ' s in the garden , jane .
she ' s sitting under the tree .
yes , he is . he ' s climbing the tree .
tim is .
the dog ' s in the garden , too . it ' s running across the grass . it ' s running after a cat .
what's wrong with you ?
do you feel tired ?
i'm sorry to hear that . i'll have to examine you .
open your mouth and show me your tongue . say ah ... you have a bad cold . so you must stay in bed for a week .
i have a sore throat and headache .
yes , my whole body feels weak . and i really feel terrible .
ok , go ahead .
leo ! i wanted to tell you thanks for all your hard work on the budget . we ' re having a get-together after work tonight at carl ' s karaoke club to celebrate having finished it . we ' d love to see
oh , right . you ' re busy with that contract . maybe you could join us later ?
happy anniversary ! sorry you won ' t be there . maybe some other time ?
what fun ! normally i ' d love to , but i ' m afraid i have to work late tonight . we ' ve got to get the contract ready for miss king .
unfortunately , i just can ' t make it this time . i have to go straight home . it ' s my second wedding anniversary , and we ' re supposed to be having a big dinner susan would kill me if i missed it .
yeah , maybe . thanks , anyway . hope you guys have a great time !
excuse me . do you mind if i try this on ?
thanks . it's a little tight . do you have any in a larger size ?
yes . also , i'm not so sure about the color .
not at all . the changing rooms are just this way .
sure . i'll give you the next size up . that one is small , right ?
well . it doesn't go with your skirt . i think the color itself is fine though .
are you going to vote ?
i plan to , but what day is the election ?
can you just tell me ?
are you serious ?
it ' s a good thing i asked you .
i couldn ' t remember .
of course ! are you ?
you should know that .
the election is this tuesday .
i ' m not kidding .
that should ' ve been something you knew already .
whatever . just make sure you go vote .
dave , there's something i want to talk to you about .
i've been talking to webtracker . i'm thinking of jumping ship .
keep your voice down . we'll talk more later . right now i need to see vince .
ok , but don't tell anyone what i said .
zina , why are you whispering ?
what ? are you serious ? you'd defect to our archrival ! ?
we definitely have to talk , zina . and watch your back . elvin is still mad about his nose .
you get your bus pass ?
you're not ?
it actually costs less if you have a bus pass .
you can use it however many times you need to .
yup , and you can keep the money in your pocket .
you should go get yours .
i'm not going to buy one .
i think it's a waste of money .
how is that ?
is that right ?
that sounds nice .
yeah , i think i will .
good morning . craftsman company . can i help you ?
i'm sorry , but mr . johnson is out at the moment . can i take a message ?
yes .
yes , video tv .
yes , of course . what's your telephone number ?
that is 413-447-9662 ?
oh , i'm sorry , 447-9626 .
extension 162 . okay , mr . suzuki . i'll give him the message .
good-bye .
yes , good morning . this is mr . suzuki from video tv . may i speak to mr . johnson ?
uh , yes , okay . tell him john suzuki called . that's s-u-z-u-k-i .
from video tv .
tell him i telephoned . i'd like to see him about the videotapes . can he call me this afternoon ?
it's , area code 413 , 447-9626 .
no , that's 447-9626 .
yes , that's right . extension 162 .
thank you . good-bye .
it's quit a big cafeteria , isn't it ?
let's line up . the steak is very inviting . i'll have it .
banana pie .
how about there ?
sure . i usually have my lunch here . the food is tasty and they offer a big variety .
i'll have ham and egg with french fries . what dessert do you want ?
where shall we sit ?
do you like cooking ?
i don ' t like it . it takes up too much time and i really hate having it clean up after the meal . i can ' t stand doing the washing up , drying up and putting all the dishes and cutlery away .
so what kinds of dishes do you usually make ? i know you like italian food .
do you find it hard to get ingredients for chinese food ?
how long does it take you to cook a meal for 5 or 6 people ?
i love it . i really enjoy creating a meal from various ingredients and watching my friends enjoy it . it gives me a real sense of satisfaction . do you enjoy cooking ?
you can ask the guests for help . my guests usually insist on doing the washing up . i just have to remind them where everything goes .
italian , indian and chinese . i ' ve only recently started cooking chinese meals and i need some more practice .
not at all . you can find most of them in supermarkets . the ingredients are usually the same as in western food . the way that the food is prepared is the big difference , not the ingredients .
obviously , it depends on what i ' m cooking . but i ' d say it generally takes about one and a half hours .
i'm searching for an old music box .
if you had a box made in the ' 20s , that would be nice .
would any of them have dancing figures ?
oh , they're both so beautiful . let me have this one , i think .
one last question
i guess i was asking for too much .
you came to the right place . any particular decade ?
we just got one in yesterday , so now we have six .
yes , we still have two boxes left that have dancing figures .
that one truly is a beautiful piece of work , isn't it ?
oh , no . everything we sell here is " as is . "
if it breaks down , maybe you can find a repairman on the internet .
we have been over this a hundred times ! we are not getting a pet !
who is going to look after a dog or a cat ?
what if we want to take a vacation ? who will we leave it with ? plus , our apartment is too small for that breed of dog .
we ' re planning on having children soon , i don ' t think those animals are a good idea with a baby in the house .
i ' ll tell you what , i can get you some hamsters and we ' ll take it from there .
why not ? come on ! just a cute little puppy . or a kitty !
i will ! i ' ll feed it , bathe it and walk it every day ! we can get a labrador or a german shepard !
ok . how about we get a cat or a ferret ?
fine ! let ' s get a bird then ! we can keep it in its cage and teach it to talk ! a parrot would be awesome !
yay !
over here is our gym . we have all the latest equipment .
certainly . we have here the race apparatus , stationary bike , muscle builder set , chest expander , bar bell , dumb bell and so on .
here's the swimming pool . it's open from 10 a . m . to 11 p . m . there are also massage rooms here .
but i haven't used exercising equipment before . can you tell us some more details ?
working in the gym is a very good way for losing weight . what else do you have ?
that's wonderful ! i like swimming .
john , i was looking through some magazines for ideas about where we might go on vacation this year .
you can't be serious !
after a year together , i thought it pretty safe to assume that we would automatically spend our vacation together .
you know , now that i think about it , i really don't have much more to say to you at all !
i've already told my buddy , mark , that i am going hunting with him in alaska .
hey , i've always gone hunting or fishing on vacation . i am sorry that bothers you .
says who ? i don't think that is necessarily the case .
whatever you say !
have you declared your income and are you prepared to pay tax ?
i don't really know . why not ask the accountant or the lawyer of the law firm ? they will tell you which is subject or not subject to taxation . he can even help you avoid paying tax legally .
certainly . no one who evades tax can escape from their detection . they ' ll check your income through computers . you'd better make a declaration to the tax authorities as soon as possible . if you fail to meet the deadline , you will be fined .
not yet . i don't know how to fill out the form . what is the tax-free allowance for supporting a dependent ?
if i don't pay my taxes , would the tax officials discover it ?
what's up ? you sound a little down in dumps .
calm down ! shouting won ' t help ?
what happened ?
what ? he can't do this to you .
what did you do ?
hold it , mike . you won't accomplish anything by hollering at him , right ? you worked it all up till now . why not wait until you cool down a bit ?
just stay cool . you know . when you get back home tonight , tell him that you didn't mean to quarrel with him .
i know . it wouldn't hurt much to say sorry first . and after that , you can casually mention the problem . i am sure he will cooperate .
i quarreled with my roommate last night . he is really stubborn .
he is really outrageous .
i went back home last night . you know tired as a dog , so i took a quick shower and went to bed . i couldn't fall asleep , because brian was there in the living room , playing his stupid stereo so loud . i kindly told him to turn that down a little bit . he shouted at me .
well , he did it anyway . then he came into my room and shot all his shit blah blah blah ... you know .
i shouted it back of course .
what would you do if you were in my shoes ?
no way , kate . i mean it's just not my fault .
i am too angry to do that .
excuse me . i am looking for a book called little women , but i can't find it anywhere .
will you have it later ?
that's terrific . thank you .
let me see . i am sorry we just have sold it out .
i think so . could i have you name , telephone number ? if we get one , i will call you .
who do you think is the greatest novelist in the history of english literature ?
i'm afraid i can't agree with you on that . i like d . h . laurence ' s novels better .
charles dickens . actually no one can parallel him in writing .
what game do you like ?
i ' ve never played chinese chess before , but i ' ve seen old men playing it in the street . it looks complicated .
i like playing cards . i ' m pretty good at poker . do you play cards ?
do you play bridge ?
i can play quite well . i have a friend who likes playing , but she ' s not very good at it . shall i invite her to play ?
i ' ll call my friend now . you call yours .
i like board games . i like chinese chess and draughts .
it ' s about as complicated as chess . the basic rule and moves are simple enough , but there are many strategies that players need to learn .
i ' m terrible at cards and so i never play games which involve gambling , like poker . if i did , i ' d lose all my money .
yes , i do . it ' s hard to find four players though , so i don ' t play very often . do you know anyone who plays ? if so , we could set up a game .
sure , i have a friend who play fairly well . we should find out when our friends are free and arrange a game .
can you give me more details on what is included in the package ?
what about the hotel accommodations ?
great . what types of things will we do at lushun falls ?
sure . the coach leaves at 6:30 a . m . , in front of our office . the drive takes eight hours , with two stops to see some sights .
you'll be staying at holiday inn . it's a three-star hotel with two restaurants and a swimming pool .
the second day you take a four-hour city tour . in the afternoon you go on the famous boat cruise under the falls .
hello , 332440 .
i'm afraid he's not in at the moment dave . he went out about an hour ago and he's not back yet .
well , he shouldn't be long . he said he was just going to get some paint . but i wouldn't be surprised if he's stopped off at the pub on the way back .
all right . goodbye , dave .
oh hello , sally . this is dave thomson here . could i speak to jim please ?
any idea when he might be back ?
ok . well , tell him i've called , will you , and i'll try again later .
thanks then sally . goodbye .
honey , the house is such a mess ! i need you to help me tidy up a bit . my boss and her husband are coming over for dinner and the house needs to be spotless !
this can ' t wait ! i need your help now !
ok , here ' s a list of chores we need to get done . i'll do the dishes and get all the groceries for tonight . you can sweep and mop the floors . oh , and the furniture needs to be dusted .
sure that ' s fine . here is the list of all the things you need to get . don't forget anything ! and can you pick up a bottle of wine on your way home ?
great ! can you set the table ?
wait ! don ' t turn it on ...
i ' m in the middle of something right now . i ' ll be there in a second .
alright , alright . i ' m coming .
you know what , i have to pick something up at the mall , so why don ' t you clean the floors and i'll go to the supermarket and get all the groceries .
hey , honey i ' m back . wow , the house looks really good !
just a sec i ' m just gonna vacuum this rug real fast
good afternoon , welcome to iba . how can i be of service ?
this refers to the deposit business offered to the level 1 account of group companies .
group companies can use this to make their arrangement of funds flexible , when dealing with their subsidiaries .
i'd like to talk to somebody about the group account deposit service .
what is it used for ? i mean , why bother to get this special account ?
i see , so this can really cut down on time and centralise management . interesting ...
is this a duty-free shop ?
i want to buy some specialties . can you recommend me some ?
fine . they look nice . i will take both of them .
yes , sir . what can i do for you ?
sure . i strongly advise you to buy a bottle of perfume and a lighter .
may i have a look at your passport , please ?
good morning , sir . can i help you ?
yes , we have a great variety of chinese antiques .
well , we have some painting and some porcelain . which do you like better ?
good . how about the table set ?
it's made in jingdezhen .
one thousand eight hundred yuan .
good morning . i'm interested in antiques . do you have any ?
what do you have ?
i'd like porcelain .
oh , it looks well . i like it very much .
how much is it ?
it's not expensive . i'll take it .
oh , so dalian is hotter than new york now .
are you staying at the hilton ?
not hot but warm . very comfortable .
yes , i have already booked a room .
could you show me what you've got ?
we'll try one of your specials this time .
we've got several good chicken dishes if you like chicken .
this is worth trying .
welcome to china , mr . smith .
i heard that you are interested in our silk skirts and new style of coats .
great ! b , most of the items listed are available this year . i hope we can come to an agreement and sign the contracts , so as to enable our timely delivery .
what's the proposal ?
good idea ! in this way , our clients ' needs will be met and disagreements between the two parties avoided .
thank you . so pleasant to meet you here !
yes , i've brought a list of your recent products with me . we'd like to import some of your latest clothes for the second half of this year . we're ready to place an order with you .
that sounds good . but i have a proposal now .
both of our two parties were involved in the discussion previously . shall we also allow some of our clients to join us ?
sounds like we have the same idea .
could you please tell me how i can go job-hunting in the web ?
how should i contact them ?
can i get a quick reply from the sites ?
generally speaking , job seekers can enter the websites either of job agencies or of some units for job advertisements .
you can e-mail your application materials for application to the websites of job agencies for enrollment in their database .
yes , usually it takes a short time , but you have to await the choice of the units for a while .
can you direct me to holiday inn ?
thanks .
cross the street and walk two blocks west . you can't miss it .
i would like to buy a bottle of cleansing milk . can you recommend me some kinds ?
my skin is oily .
can you tell me more ?
sure . what kind of skin do you have ?
then i advise you to buy the lay cleansing milk .
hello , is sue there ?
sue john .
oh , i'm sorry .
who ?
you must have the wrong number .
sorry , stewardess . where shall i put my bags ?
thank you very much .
you can place the smaller one in the overhead bin and put the bigger one under the seat in front of you .
please make sure to fasten your seat belt . we are to take off .
what do you think about this store ? i heard it ' s a posh store that ' s only got branches in big cities .
don ' t worry . i ' ve decided that for your birthday i ' m going to take you shopping for a new dress .
i do , that ' s why you should appreciate this gift !
how about this red dress ? i think it would really suit you .
here you go . on any other day , it would cost me a fortune , but it ' s on special offer today .
let me look . let ' s see ... they ' ve got one in blue , green , pink , black ... and white . here you are .
i think you look fantastic . happy birthday !
i love this store . the only problem is that it ' s extremely expensive .
really ? i thought you hated shopping ?
sure . that ' s really nice of you . let ' s go in and try some things on .
that ' s gorgeous ! do they have it in a size 8 ?
i think this color isn ' t quite right for me . do they have the same dress in white ?
this is perfect ! what do you think ?
i ' m so lucky . you only get a chance like this once in a blue moon ! thanks honey !
the hotel operator . anything i can do for you ?
i'm sorry to hear that . i'm afraid it is often the case during the peak hours . shall i ask them to call you when the line is free ?
no trouble at all . may i know your name and room number ?
i see . wait in the room , please .
i've been trying to get through to the booking office for the last ten minutes . but the line has been engaged all the time . why is it taking so long ?
ok . please do so if it is not troublesome .
i'm du juan , in room 312 .
thank you for your kindness .
let's have seafood for a change . how about oyster and lobster ?
anything else you want to add ?
i couldn't agree more !
oh , yeah , two beers .
may i see your ticket and passport , pls ?
any luggage ?
your backpack is very big and today's flight is quite full . i am afraid that you will have to check your backpack too .
you can take that with you .
no problem . i'll give you an aisle seat in the center row . and here is your ticket , passport and boarding pass . please board the plane at gate 15 .
15mins before the plane takes off . the plane is scheduled to leave on time .
you are welcome ! have a nice flight .
sure , here they are .
just this suitcase .
no problem . what about this carry-on ?
can i have an aisle seat , pls .
thank you . and when is the latest time for me to board the plane ?
thank you very much !
tell me about yourself and your past experience .
how are your typing and shorthand skills ?
can you operate computers skillfully ?
sometimes we are very busy and need to work overtime . how do you feel about that ?
it just depends . if we have important visiting delegations , you have to stay with us . it's not unusual .
ok , please .
nothing different from a secretary's common responsibilities . however , you know , our company is an international trade-oriented company , can you handle english papers and write english correspondence ?
what are your salary expectations ?
the starting monthly salary would be  2,000 , with rises after the half year according to your competence .
we'll inform you of our final decision by early july . do you have any other questions ?
i have worked as an executive secretary for 5 years , first for trading companies , and now i am working for a trust company . i interact well with peers , clients , administrators and bosses . i thrive on challenge and work well in high-stress environments .
i can type 100 chinese words a minute and take dictation in english at 150 words a minute .
yes , i can . i have received some special training in computers . besides i am good at operating common office machines , such as fax machines and duplicating machines .
that's all right . but could you tell me how often and how many hours i should work overtime ?
mr . smith , i's like to ask you a question .
what specific duties would i perform if i am hired ?
yes . i specialized in english secretary studies at college and that's one of the main parts of my present job .
i really need more information about the job before we start to discuss salary . maybe you could tell me what is budgeted for the position .
i think it's acceptable and i really like the job . and when can i know the decision ?
no . thank you for the time .
what do you think about the equipment in our company ?
i also realized this issue . and office automation is essential .
good idea . a network of work stations is helpful for our management .
you are right . the current equipment of our offices really falls behind . next week , you can provide me a catalogue of new equipment .
we have to equip our company with a network of work stations at every office and show room as soon as possible .
besides , internet tends to be more essential now in the information age .
and , to be frank , our copying machines are too slow ; our telephone system is limited in function .
thank your for calling world airline . what can i do for you ?
round-trip or one-way ?
what date would you like to fly ?
how many people will be traveling ?
which class ?
right . ok , the fare is $ 700 .
i need to book a plane ticket to london .
one-way .
saturday , july 25 .
just one adult .
economy , please . economy class is the cheapest , right ?
hello , the nurse said that you might have my test results in from the other day .
does this mean that you have bad news for me ?
can ' t you just tell me now ?
i want to see you right away .
i know for sure that something is wrong !
i would like for you to come in and talk about a few more tests that i would like to run .
i just want to talk to you about the tests that i want to run .
i don ' t know anything for certain . we always do a double check if there is a question .
you can come in this afternoon . if you are feeling too stressed , feel free to bring a friend along .
don ' t worry about a thing ; we are just taking a second look and talking .
you would be using mainly english in this job . do you think you could manage ?
do you think you are proficient in both written and spoken english ?
do you think you can make yourself understood in english with ease ?
do you think you can speak english quite fluently ? tell me about your english education .
yes , i am sure i can .
yes , i think i am quite proficient in both written and spoken english .
yes , i think i can in ordinary circumstances .
yes , i think i speak english quite fluently . i got a high score on toefl . i majored in english in college .
you are looking really healthy lately . what are you doing differently ?
tell me about it . i'm interested .
ha ! that's right . you used to smoke . i forgot !
at the gym ?
thank you for noticing ! i've been making a few lifestyle changes over the past year .
well , it all started when my brother challenged me to quit smoking .
when i kicked that habit , i found i had so much more energy . i started exercising .
no . i like to be outside . i took up hiking and mountain biking .
good morning . my name is mr . brown . i ' m from australia . here is my card .
pleased to meet you too , ms . pewless . i travel a lot every year on business , but this is my first visit to your country . i must say i have been much impressed by your friendly people .
oh , yes . i had a look yesterday . i found some of the exhibits to be fine in quality and beautiful in design . the exhibition has successfully displayed to me what your corporation handles . i ' ve gone over the catalogue and the pamphlets enclosed in your last letter . i ' ve got some idea of your exports . i ' m interested in your silk blouses .
thank you . i ' m pleased to meet you , mr . brown . my name is kathy pewless , the representative of green textile import and export corporation .
thank you for saying so . have you seen the exhibition halls ? on display are most of our products , such as silk , woolen knitwear , cotton piece goods , and garments .
our silk is known for its good quality . it is one of our trade - trional exports . silk blouses are brightly colored and beau - fully designed . they ' ve met with great favor overseas and are always in great demand .
can you help me plan the office party ?
i need help with food .
i think it should be casual .
i would prefer chinese food for this party .
i think we should hire a live band .
sure . what do you need the most help with , the food or entertainment ?
ok , well , let's coordinate our efforts . should this party be formal or casual ?
i agree . next , we have to decide on food . we have a choice of chinese or continental cuisine . which one should we have ?
perfect choice . for music , should we have a live band or a dj ?
ok then . well , i will work on my part and get back to you with my progress on friday .
good morning . thank you for the interview .
actually , i enjoy both .
i need job security .
i am open to relocating .
i need at least 75,000 per year .
no problem . now , do you prefer working with others or flying solo ?
so , what is most important to you in a job ? do you need job security or professional growth and a chance to advance ?
would you be able to relocate ?
what are your annual salary requirements ?
i ' ll keep that in mind . thank you for coming in today . we ' ll be in touch .
is the right counter to check in for this flight ?
ok . is the plane on schedule ?
two .
yes , it is . please put your luggage on this scale .
yes , it is . how many pieces of hand luggage do you have ?
i'm looking for a good multivitamin . can you recommend one ?
i knew there would be a few choices , but this selection is huge !
that's right . just a simple multi-vitamin that i can take every day .
oh ! you took the guesswork right out of that one .
yes . come with me to the vitamin section .
you're looking for a multi though , right ?
okay . then i recommend this one . it's made especially for men about your age .
that's my job ! is there anything else i can assist you with ?
i only want a little off the top and the sides and back to have clean lines .
it's natural . my friend told me you know how to work with curls .
do you have any product that controls frizz ?
thank you !
okay . is your hair naturally curly or is it a perm ?
that's my specialty . let me put this around your neck .
with the cut i'll give you , we will minimize a lot of that .
and when we're done , i'll show you some great stuff to take care of the rest .
would you pour me some of that tea , please ?
okay . say when .
hey , look , there is a circus show over there .
it's the circus .
oh , come on , they give them treat too . oh , look , that little monkey is so cute .
oh , it is coming to us , come on , ben , get a banana to it .
why are you acting so strange today ?
that's weird !
i'm not in the mood .
i don't want to sit there and watch them torturing the animals .
cute ? hope so .
me ? no way , keep him away from me , please .
i've said that i've got a problem with the circus . i'm not kidding .
now please tell me something about your past work achievements .
that is quite an achievement ! do you consider it your most rewarding work experience ?
have you received any honors ?
do you have any publications ?
all right , madam . when i was sales manager at the beijing friendship store . i succeeded in raising the yearly sales volume by 25 % and profit margins from 50 % to 80 % .
i don't think so . i'll create further achievement in the future .
yes . i got the title of " advance worker " in 2006 .
yes . i wrote a thesis entitled " on interpersonal relations in the socialist market economy " and it was published in china daily .
hit ' em high , hit ' em low . class of ' 93 -- let's go !
wasn't that football game great ! i just knew we'd win !
later we'll let you know who the king and queen of the reunion will be .
hi there , everyone . we hope you're having a good night !
the night is young , folks . get some food and mingle with those faces from yesterday .
but for now , the band is playing the songs from our senior year . get out on that dance floor !
excuse me . can you tell me how to get to city hall ?
i'm sorry . i didn't follow you . could you please repeat that ?
uh-huh .
yes . i'm following you .
yes . now i've got it . thank you very much .
yes . go to the next corner and turn left onto center street . walk three blocks to second avenue and turn right . walk two more blocks and you'll see city hall on the left .
okay . first , go to the next corner and turn left onto center street .
then , walk three blocks to second avenue an turn right . are you with me so far ?
then , walk two more blocks an you ' ll see city hall on the left . have you got all that ?
what's up ?
i'm having a party this friday .
i wanted to see if you wanted to come .
doing what ?
i really wanted you to come , but i understand .
i'll hold you to that .
nothing much , what's going on ?
oh , really ? that's nice .
this friday ? sorry , i already have plans .
i'm going to dinner with my family .
yeah , maybe next time .
sounds like a plan .
i find that you spend little on handset charge every month . have you any trick ?
is it so simple ?
it's true .
that's all ?
it's simple . you can use call transfer .
sure . you know , we spend most of our time at home or in the office every day , so i receive handset calls with the hand-free telephone , so i need pay little for receiving calls .
call transfer has many other advantages . when i am in places where network can't cover , such as the high building , i also use call transfer function , which transfers my calls to the hand-free telephone and i will not miss any call .
in hospitals or on planes , handsets will interfere with some equip-ment , so we must close our handsets . if you set call transfer , the problem will be solved .
are you doing anything tomorrow morning ? i'm wondering if you'd like to come to my office to discuss the new project .
then i'll see you in the afternoon .
tomorrow morning ? what about tomorrow afternoon ?
ok .
hello , i want to apply for the position of an usher in your restaurant .
what else do i need to do ?
welcome . one of your duties is to know the number of the customer and accept reservation .
you inform the people in charge and let them reserve dinning tables for guests .
i ' m going to be moving out soon .
there ' s no way that i can stay here .
i don ' t understand why .
why can ' t i have it back ?
you have to give it back to me .
but i ' m not able to live here anymore .
you still have time on your lease .
that ' s not going to be all right .
i ' m going to have to keep your deposit
because you ' re leaving before your lease is over .
you ' re not going to get it .
i can ' t help you with that .
can i have my check , please .
may son adores my new hairstyle so i suppose it is worth it .
thank you .
wow , it's surprising . so what do i get ?
probably not . doing that will probably take another three hours which i can't afford now .
you mean i should make an appointment ahead of time ?
got it . bye for now .
here it is . 350 yuan all together .
hearing you say that is a big reward for us . and here is the receipt .
wait ! congratulations ! you are the lucky customer of our anniversary celebration .
you can have a free facial and then make up free for you . do you want it now ?
here is our number . call us when you are ready to come .
yes .
can i borrow this magazine from you ? it's really interesting and i can't put it down .
that would be very kind of you . by the way , is it a monthly magazine ?
i am sorry , but i can't lend it to you now , for i haven't finished reading it . if you don't mind , i can lend you some back numbers to you .
no , it is a fortnightly . so , you see , i can get the new one quite soon .
do you use an anti-virus program to protect your computer ?
how often do you run your anti-virus program ?
which anti-virus program would you recommend ?
that sounds very good . which website should i visit to download it ?
what do you use your computer for ?
computers are great , aren ' t they ? i should download some programs and learn how to use them .
yes , i do . i also use an anti-spyware program and a firewall . there are so many nasties on the internet and so many people who are trying to use the internet to hurt other users . you have to be very c
i usually run it every few days . it finds a virus about half the time .
have you tried this one ? it ' s very good and you can download it for free on the internet . you can also download updates for free .
just a minute ... go to this one . i ' ll send you an email with the line in it . it only takes a few minutes to download . then you have to go through the set up procedures . but they are not complicated .
i use it for several things-surfing the net , word processing and creating presentations . i don ' t play many games on my computer , but i do a lot of work with photographs . using a computer program , you
a :: you must be wily . it's nice to meet you .
a :: tim , please . please be seated .
a :: so , wily , you have been with ibm for two years , ready for change ?
b :: nice to meet you , mr . wilson .
b :: thank you .
b :: well , i think i'm ready for new challenges .
hello . could you have a taxi pick me up before 10:00 a . m . ?
i stay at no . 115 fucking road .
what are your rates ?
i have a lot of luggage . will those fit in the taxi ?
thank you very much .
what is your address ?
ok , a taxi will be there by 9:30 .
it is rib 10 yuan initially and 2 yuan for each kilometer .
take it easy . i'll send a larger to pick you up .
hello mr waterstone , what can i do for you today ?
oh , i see . you have two choices here you can either redeem or renew .
no problem at all , mr waterstone . any preference as to how you want the money ?
here we go , mr waterstone . here's your money and your interest note .
hello , becky . well , you see , i have this thing here , called a fixed deposit certificate , and i've just noticed the date on it .
i think i'll redeem , if that's not a problem .
anything you like , but not too many large notes . it's useful to have smaller notes .
yes , yes . everything's fine . thank you very much , becky .
what can i do for you , young man ?
what sizes do you need ?
here you are . and here are three crash helmets .
well , there are a lot to do , but nothing to worry about . first , make sure they don't go far from the railings .
that's a good idea . and remind them to be slow at the beginning , not to run into the railings .
never go to the center of the lake . the ice there is too thin to skate on .
i need to rent three pairs of skates for the morning .
one pair of 37 , and two pairs of 21 . one for me , and the other two for two kids .
thanks . well , those two kids are beginners . what should i do about their safety ?
oh , yeah , maybe i should ask them just to walk along the railings .
ok . anything else ?
got it . thanks for reminding me . and , are there any intensive training courses ?
excuse me sir . may i come in ?
i'm sorry , but my sister was ill , so i
but it's true .
that's coincident .
i promise i will .
mike , you're late again .
do you think i believe the story like that ?
how can believe it if the same excuse was used twice within a week ?
ok , hold it . remember to be punctual next time .
you'd better .
honey , i have something important to say .
yes . i have just booked two tickets .
two air tickets .
yes . we will fly to paris the day after tomorrow .
today is june 18 , isn ' t it ?
think about it !
yes . think about it carefully .
oh , honey ! don ' t you remember this important day to us ?
it is our 10th wedding anniversary this june 20 .
of course . you completely forgot it .
i have made a mistake ?
july 20 ? but i think it should be june 20 .
yes . i remember now . we put it off . i did make a mistake . but how shall we deal with the tickets ?
something important ?
tickets ? what tickets ?
air tickets ?
we ? the day after tomorrow ? what are you talking about ?
yes . so ?
then it is june 20 the day after tomorrow .
oh , come on . tell me please . why did you book tickets to paris ?
sorry .
our 10th wedding anniversary ?
darling . i think you have made a mistake .
yes . we married on july 20 ten years ago .
yes . we had planned to marry on june 20 , but something happened , so we had to put off our wedding day .
since you have booked . then let ' s celebrate our wedding anniversary before hand .
do you want some dessert ?
wait a moment . i will calculate it for you . your bill comes to $ 36 .
no , thank you . check , please .
here are $ 40 . keep the change . that's my tip for you .
food is less expensive in a cafeteria , because you serve yourself .
just pick up a tray , then put a knife , a fork , a spoon and a paper napkin on it and stand in the line .
not long , because people rush for lunch .
tell the man behind the counter what you want .
just point to it if you don't know the name .
how to do it ?
how long will it take to reach the buffet ?
the line sure does move fast .
ok . i like that green vegetable but i don't know how to call it .
all right .
hey , did you hear about jessica's party this weekend ?
oh really ? she gave me mine earlier today .
yeah , so are you planning on going ?
it really does , i can't wait .
it starts at 8 o'clock .
i'm not sure , but i don't think she's given out that many .
yeah , but i'm still waiting for my invitation .
well , she'll probably just give me my invitation later on today .
i think so . it sounds like it's going to be a lot of fun .
what time does the party start ?
oh , well , how many people has she given invites to so far ?
well , hopefully she'll give me my invite later on today .
after the financial crisis , many industries are in incredibly cloudy situations . how do you think about our company ?
as the department i am applying for is expanding , i would like to contribute by effort .
the outlook in the future is very positive . because we have been in this field for hundreds of years and we know how to survive this crisis safely .
great . welcome to our company .
farmer's pet store .
sure , we are off singing road , close to the bank .
can you please tell me where you are located ?
thank you , i know where that is .
hi , bob , this is john lin .
i'm with hartford public relations . i'd like to set up an appointment to come by and talk with you about our services .
hello , john .
how about tomorrow at 11 o'clock ?
hey , tom , did you enjoy your lunch ?
what ' the matter ?
i see . you simply can't blame the server for this .
that's true .
it was good . i brought lunch from home today .
well , i personally don't like them because i don't believe that they are healthy .
yes . i am wondering that you must believe fast food is our lifestyle , don't you ?
well , actually two-thirds of americans may avoid these places .
yeah , it's hard to believe but true .
oh , don't mention it . it was terrible .
the food station was as crowded as usual . i waited for 20 minutes for my sandwich , and when i finally got it the chicken was underdone .
yes , i know . fast food is so popular in this district .
anyway , how was your such , catherine ?
you did ? i thought you must feel right at home here as we get as many fast food restaurants as you do in america .
i guess you're right . more often than not , people go there only for convenience . the foods may taste good , but generally speaking , they are high in calories , salt and fat .
you bet . almost all top brands such as mcdonald's and kfc are from america .
seriously ?
have you seen this news article ? apparently an organization has made a list to name the new seven wonders of the world and people could vote for them online .
well , the great wall of china , the taj mahal in india .
cool ! also amongst the winners is petra , in jordan , mach pitch in peru and the pyramid in chichenitza in mexico .
well , let's see if we can find some cheap airfare and we can go towards the end of the year .
wow , that's really interesting . so who won ?
i've been there ! it really is an amazing work of architecture and art . the entire complex is made of white marble and in the interior of the tomb , the walls are covered with gems and emeralds !
wait a minute ! it also says that the christ re-deemer statue in brazil and the colosseum in rome are wonders . i would love to go to italy and see the colosseum , stand in the middle like a gladiator !
good idea !
hello , i'd like to reserve a hotel room .
my name is john sandals .
i'm planning to visit new york from friday , april 14 until monday , april 17 .
how much per night are we talking about ?
that price is perfectly acceptable .
nonsmoking , please .
that sounds fine .
certainly . my phone number is 626-555-1739 .
that should be no problem . may i have your full name , please ?
hello , mr . sandals . my name is michelle . what days do you need that reservation , sir ?
our room rates recently went up . is that okay with you , mr . sandals ?
each night will be $ 308 .
wonderful ! do you prefer a smoking or nonsmoking room ?
next question , is a queen-size bed okay ?
okay , mr . sandals . your reservation is in our computer . all we need now is a phone number .
thank you , mr . sandals . we look forward to seeing you in new york !
good evening , pizza house . this is marty speaking . may i take your order ?
we have a two-for-one special on large pizzas . would you like a large pizza instead ?
great ! would you like your second pizza to be the same as the first ?
okay , thin crust . your total is $ 21 . 50 and yourorder will arrive in thirty minutes or it ' s free !
wait ! ! i need your address !
um yes . i'd like a medium pizza with pepperoni , olives , and extra cheese .
sure , that sounds good .
no , make the second one with ham , pineapple and green peppers . oh , and make it thin crust .
perfect . thank you . bye ..
hello , personal banking . how may i help you ?
personal internet banking is a self service financial service that is based on the internet . it can be used by both businesses and individuals . we offer an online payment service , personal net banking , which includes services such as account transfers , personal foreign exchange trading . you can also get account management services , online bill payment , for household bills like gas and electricity ...
hi there . i'm calling about personal internet banking , what details can you give me ?
that sounds good . at the moment i spend ages queuing at the post office to pay my bills .
i was surprised to see how few people you have on-site . you provide a wide range of goods and services but have a very small workforce .
do you handle the recruiting yourselves ?
it depends on the time of year . at peak times we hire in casual workers to help with packing and dispatch . we also contract out certain services all year round , for example , cleaning . we run a very tight operation !
sometimes we use a local employment agency . it depends on the job .
jeff , look at this listing ! it says there is a cozy studio apartment for rent , and it's only $ 700 per month . what do you think ?
hmm ... let me look . yes , it says it's a pet-friendly building .
it says it's located in the suburbs .
well i think i can afford that apartment . but are pets allowed ?
that's great . that means i can bring my cat , mr . twinkles . where is the apartment located ?
what would you like to have for dinner ? chicken or beef ?
good choice !
well , we have all kinds of beverages in addition to fruit juices .
anything else ?
another flight attendant is coming down the aisle with coffee and tea .
chicken , please .
what kind of drinks do you have ?
in that case , let me have a glass of orange juice .
i would like to have some tea as well .
i see .
i'd like to apply for a credit card . can you help me with my application ?
i'm afraid that i don't have a credit history . i just came to this country .
i'm afraid not .
what is the interest rate on your card ?
that's very expensive !
how does the bank bill its customers for credit card charges ?
does the card provide any other benefits ?
i'd be glad to .
do you have an account with this bank ?
in that case i highly recommend you apply for a savings and checking account also . that would help with your credit card application .
the annual charge rate is 9 . 5 % .
not really . the credit card is a revolving account . you only pay interest on what you owe .
you will receive a monthly statement with each expenditure itemized .
you can also get a cash advance up to 1,000 dollars on this card .
you're really fit , paul . do you exercise very much ?
you're kidding !
wow ! how often do you exercise like that ?
oh , i hardly ever exercise . i usually just watch tv in my free time . i guess i'm a real couch potato !
well , i almost always get up very early , and i lift weights for an hour .
no . and then i often go rollerblading .
about five times a week . what about you ?
i don't believe we've met .
my name is gao run .
here's my name card .
it's nice to finally meet you .
no , i don't think we have .
how do you do ? my name is james green .
and here's mine .
and i'm glad to meet you , too .
marketing manager ' s office . can i help you ?
sorry , he is out .
sorry , i am not sure . can i take a message ?
that ' s fine . please call again later .
mr . smith , please .
what time do you expect him back then ?
no , thanks . i will call back later .
ok . thank you . goodbye .
can i help you ?
how much do you need ?
all right , can i have your passbook ?
what amounts do you want the checks in ?
here you are .
yes , i need some traveler's checks .
three thousand us dollars .
yes , here you go .
it's all the same to me .
thanks .
the plumbing in my new apartment is not working .
the bathroom sink is stopped up .
just the bathroom plumbing seems to have a problem .
everything worked beautifully until a few hours ago .
i am not sure if i will be home later .
i need you to tell me what the problem is .
is the kitchen plumbing messed up also , or just the bathroom plumbing ?
did this just start happening , or has it been going on for a while ?
are you going to be home so i can come by and take a look at the problem ?
i will be coming by around 10 this morning . if you aren ' t there , i ' ll just use my key .
grand theft auto three is awesome !
what time is it anyway ?
oh , my god , three hours already ! i have to get the chores done !
ok , emergency measures . let's throw the dishes in the trash ! two birds with one stone ...
no time to worry . we have to dispose of this evidence .
it's more violent than tv news !
nine-thirty .
no time . that's their headlights in the window !
little dude , your life is over !
how old is keith ?
he's a year older than keith , but he looks younger .
he's fine . he retired last week . it's a turning point in his life . now he can relax and enjoy his retirement .
oh , i don't think he wants to . he wants to travel to several different countries around the world .
how do you want to spend your old age ?
he's 21 . how old is james ?
how's your father ?
he can spend more time with his grandchildren .
so , he wants to have a more active retirement . good idea !
in the same way , probably .
could you do me a favor and proofread my resume before i send it out to the human resources department ?
but languages don't have anything to do with engineering . shouldn't everything i put on my resume have something to do with my field ?
it's just a piece of paper , you think that they can tell if i am a well-rounded person by looking at it ?
sure , let me take a look ... personal information , education , experience , training ... i think you should add another section for language . you speak three languages , so you might as well put that on your resume .
not necessarily . i think people would be impressed by your language abilities . it says something about your level of intellect and experience . also , i think human resources directors want to see more of a well-rounded person in a resume .
well , you're right , the resume is limited in how much it can tell someone about a person . that's why job interviews are important to let people know the real you that they can't see from a piece of paper . but resumes can be helpful in explaining things and giving a good impression to a potential employer .
why not come over to work in my company ?
tell me what you need .
i need to think it over .
all right . i'm prepared to , if the pay is reasonable .
we are approaching the top of the mountain .
yes , you can have a bird's-eye view of the whole city .
of course . we will stay there for half an hour and you can do your own business .
what a beautiful view we have here .
wonderful . will we have any free time there ?
what did you do last night ?
did you watch the barcelona versus madrid game ?
what were the results of the game ?
what was the actual score ?
really ? i thought barcelona was going to win . they are a much better team than madrid .
what happened ?
that explains it .
that was the last game before the playoffs .
in a few weeks . are you planning on watching them ?
me , too ! do you want to come over and watch the next game at my place ? i'm planning on having a few people over to watch it together .
ok , it's a date then !
i just stayed at home and watched tv .
yes , it was a very evenly matched game .
it ended in a tie .
it was three all .
if barcelona had played as they normally do , they should have won .
their goalkeepers got injured after the first goal , but he kept on playing anyway .
how many more games are left this season ?
when do the playoffs start ?
of course ! i really love watching football games on tv .
sure , that would be great .
how are you ?
that ' s for sure . you ' re new , too , huh ?
i ' m fine , thanks . just trying to get adjusted . it ' s hard to keep track of everything around here .
yeah . i just got here a couple of days ago . how about you ?
excuse me . i bought this shirt yesterday , but i would like to refund it .
here is my receipt .
it's too small for me to wear .
no thanks . i want to have a refund .
gave me the receipt , please .
what's wrong with it ?
would you like another bigger one ?
ok , here is your money .
oh , so many kinds of winter hats .
red .
may i try it on ?
is there a mirror around here ?
does it suit me ?
how much is it ?
that's quite reasonable .
what is your favorite color , miss ?
here you are . it ' s very attractive .
go ahead .
right over there .
yes , you look very nice .
we're having a clearance sale . $ 4 plus tax .
what can i help you with ?
what's your question ?
what do you need to take it for ?
you need six hours .
you have to do it in three days .
that's everything .
may i ask you something ?
how many hours behind the wheel do i need ?
i'm trying to get my license .
can i do all six hours in one day ?
that's all i have to do ?
well , that's a relief .
excuse me , i have something to trouble you .
an hour ago , i bought this vase with my tourist .
i'm afraid so . we found this crack on the bottom when i went back to my hotel .
oh , it's quite all right , i suppose . it can't be helped sometimes .
all right . thank you .
oh , yes , it is . i'll take this one .
well , there's no reason to apologize for such a trifle thing .
yes ? i'll be very glad if i could be of any help to you .
oh , yes . i remember it clearly . is there anything wrong with it ?
oh , how awful ! let me have a look , i'm terribly sorry . it was most thoughtless of me . would you excuse me , please ?
it's very kind of you to say so . how about changing another one for you ?
just a minute , please . i won't be long . i'm sure this one is perfect . you may examine it carefully .
i'm very sorry for any inconvenience i've caused you .
here you are . you left the medicine here .
i firmly believe that you love your brother very much .
yes , we have some chinese medicine for common cold .
it depends . it's true that you can take some for prevention .
sorry . i was too worried .
absolutely . by the way , do you sell any traditional chinese medicine ?
i heard chinese medicine has a better lasting effect in cure .
what kind of place shall we rent ?
absolutely . that's the most important thing to take into consideration . i'm not too worried about the size of the flat .
i don't mind . i'm not a light sleeper , but quieter is better for when we have to study at home .
yes , if we're lucky we'll find something in the next few days . i think you had a good idea to start flat hunting early .
i asked a few people who are already living in places near the university and they said it would cost about one hundred pounds a month .
it should be close to the university . neither of us are good at getting up in the mornings and closer it is , the later we can get up .
neither am i . so a small place is ok , but we'll get a bigger one if it's not expensive . do you mind if it's in a noisy area ?
good point . ok , let's go to the estate agent and see what they can offer us .
how much do you think the rent will be ?
i have a terrible toothache .
this one here .
can you fill it ?
then i might as well have it done now .
which tooth is it ?
ar , yes . there ' s a big cavity .
i ' m afraid not . the tooth is too far gone . it'll have to be taken out .
you ' d better wait , the gums are swollen . take the medicine i prescribe and come back in three days .
may i have a look at that vase , please ?
oh , it's really nice , but to tell the truth , that's far too expensive .
of course . it's the best one i have here---and it's only 300 yuan .
really ? even for such an excellent one ?
can you tell me the best way to look for an apartment ?
is there any way to find a roommate to share an apartment with ?
what do landlords charge for rent ?
there are two of us , but we only need a one-bedroom apartment .
i really would appreciate it if you could come look at apartments with me .
the local newspaper has ads for housing .
sometimes you can post an advertisement saying that you need a roommate .
would you like an apartment for just yourself , or do you need it for two people ?
you should be able to easily find that for twelve hundred dollars a month .
sure , i ' ll go look at apartments with you anytime you want .
excuse me , would you please do me a favor ?
i appreciate the building so much . i am wondering if you could take a picture of me against the building .
with pleasure .
no problem .
the product's selling points is its advanced technoledge .
why is the price so high ?
model of computers aren't compatible ?
maybe after the next generation of technology comes out , the price of this model will become more affordable .
true , but our focus has never been affordability anyway . coastwise , we may not be very competitive , but qualitywise , we definitely have an edge .
this model has advanced technoledge , superior components , it is compact , and it's a top-quality product .
unfortunately , it's just too expensive for majority of consumer to afford .
it's not just that the price is high , it's that the overhead to update an entire computer system to be compatible is costly .
most current computer systems simply can't handle it because this model truly has extraordinary capabilities .
but by then , the technology will be outdated .
that's right , no one else has a product on the market now that is comparable .
i guess you get what you pay for .
what kind of permanent would you like to have ?
oh , yeah , it ' s quite of variety . regular , cold perm , straight perm , pink curl and form .
what kinds do you have ?
last time i tried a pink curl perm and form permanent . set the wave a little loose than as usual , please .
hello ! how do i get more amenities ?
i'm talking about the free stuff , like soap and shampoo .
no , no . i've got plenty left .
what am i going to do about souvenirs ?
yes , i've got enough soap for my use , but no extra soap for souvenirs .
please ! free souvenirs are the only true souvenirs .
i'm sorry , sir . i'm not sure i understand .
oh , i see . so , you're saying that you've already run out of your amenities .
now i'm confused again ! what is the problem ?
oh , i get it ! you want souvenirs !
sir , our souvenir shop carries all those items , and as a guest you get a discount .
i understand completely , sir . housekeeping will bring you souvenirs in just a moment .
excuse me . is this where i catch the bus for the zoo ?
that doesn't sound too bad .
maybe that's what i'll do . thanks a lot .
well , you can take the no . 36 bus from here , but then you have to walk about 30 minutes .
actually , if you go to the bus stop in the next block , you can take bus 301 which will let you right off in front of the zoo .
you're welcome .
i'd like to order breakfast , please .
two muffins and a cup of coffee . will it take long ?
what'd you like , madam ?
no , just a few minutes .
how are you ?
how may i help you ?
what ' s the problem ?
how much ?
what were you supposed to write it out for ?
i ' ll just cancel it for you right now .
i ' m doing well .
could you cancel a check for me ?
i wrote the check out for way too much .
i wrote the check out for $ 150 .
i was supposed to write the check out for $ 100 .
that ' s great . you ' re a lifesaver .
would you like to take a look at the menu , sir ?
would you care for a drink before you order ?
yes , sir . i'll bring it over . have you decided what you'd like , sir ?
yes . thank you .
a glass of qingdao beer .
will you make some recommendation ?
i ' m taking ba fright 123 to london . can you tell me where the reporting desk is , please ?
thank you so much . is this the desk for ba flight 123 to london ?
the suitcase , that ' s all . except my handbag . of course .
is there a receipt ?
what must i do next ?
yes , madam . the reporting desk for the british airway's flight to london is over there .
yes , this is the right desk . have you any luggage ?
would you please put you suitcase on the scales ? you needn ' t weigh your handbag .
yes . i ' ll attach your baggage receipt to your ticket .
you must go to immigration to the departure lounge .
it's time for bed .
it's already half past eleven . you have school tomorrow . you'll sleepy all tomorrow , if you don't sleep well tonight .
don't you have the exams coming up soon ? i'm sure you could spend more time preparing for those .
you do well in maths , but your history is not good enough . am i right ?
an excellent idea . work now and play later .
no , now it's bedtime .
but i'm not sleepy , mum . can i stay and watch more tv ?
i know . but i promise i won't be sleepy tomorrow . i work really hard .
oh , i nearly forgot the exams .
yeah , i guess so . maybe i can go to sleep now and get up early to review the lessons tomorrow .
i know you're right . school is more important than tv . can i watch one more show , then go to bed .
yes , madam ? can i help you ?
well , yes , we are , madam . the shop shuts down in five minutes .
last week , madam ? i really can't remember which ones you mean . what were they like ?
that's strange . i don't recognize any of the ones we had from that description . are you sure they were in this shop ?
i am afraid the sales are over now , madam . and you know we all sold out of the saucepans .
well , it's all new stock in the window now .
eh , well , madam , as you know we are closing .
perhaps madam , if you come back tomorrow , i could show you the whole range of kitchen ware . and there are still one or two things at the sale price .
that might be the artificial lighting , madam . of course , if you could come back in daylight , you might find it ' s exactly what you are looking for .
oh , yes , please . but you are just closing , aren't you ?
i shall not keep you long then . it was about some saucepans you had in your window last week .
oh , they were lovely . sort of imitation wood , dark brown color , country-style you know , and the lids , if i remember rightly , they had a sort of leaf pattern , or was it flowers ?
oh , you must know the ones i mean . they were on sale , a real bargain . reduced to a quarter of the original price . i couldn't believe my eyes when i saw them .
i don't think you did , you know . my neighbor told me she saw some here only yesterday .
may i just have a look , to see if there is anything else ?
yes , yes , i am sorry i won't keep you . it must get on your nerves when customers come in right at closing time . but they were such beautiful saucepans . i ' d have bought them if i had made up my mind on the spot .
oh , look ! that was the one there . that is the sort of thing i was looking for . but it's not quite the color .
there it is . that is the pattern ! the set behind you . thank goodness , they haven't been sold . and thank you so much for being so patient with me . yes , those are the ones .
i've come to hear about your offer .
i can tell you right now that your prices are a little higher than we expected .
i am afraid i can't agree with you there . i must point out your prices are higher than the quotations we've received from other companies .
i agree that yours are of the top .
to have this business concluded , i should say a reduction of least 10 % would help .
right . a reduction of 5 % is acceptable .
we have the offer ready for you . let me check . 10 boxes with 50 brooches per box , at 20,000 yuan ; 20 boxes with 50 waistbands per box , at 30,000 yuan ; 15 boxes with other ornaments per box , at 7 , 500 yuan , for shipment in june . the offer is valid for five days .
you know that the prices of the ornaments have been rising in recent years . the prices we offer this time compare favorably with quotations you can get else where .
but you must take the design and quality into consideration . you know we are superior to others in design and quality . we have various styles , which the other companies cannot catch up with .
well , since your order is large enough , can you give me a rough idea ?
impossible . how about 5 % off ?
so i'm on the fifth floor ? how come this hotel has no fourth floor .
i see . oh , i know what i wanted to ask . how much should i tip this guy ?
four is an unlucky number here , peter . four sounds like death in chinese . hotels often have no fourth floor .
people don't usually tip here , but you can . fifty dollars should be more enough .
hello ! this is ruby speaking from g . o . t . international travel agency . what can i do for you ?
do you want a single ticket or a round trip ticket ?
economy or business class ?
it will be $ 850 .
no problem . how do you wish to pay for it ?
thank you ! would you like an aisle seat or a window seat ?
no problem . your ticket is for trans pacific flight 87 from detroit to beijing at 3 forty p . m . on april 13 . you will arrive at beijing international airport at six 35 p . m . on april 14 . your electronic
please be at the airport two hours before your departure to check in . you also need to reconfirm your reservation with the airline at least 7 days prior to your departure .
yes , you can , but you will have to pay a penalty of $ 75 for any change or cancellation .
on trans pacific international flights , each ticketed passenger is permitted a maximum of two checked bags with a maximum weight per checked bag of 70 pounds .
thank you for the compliment and for calling g . o . t . travel agency . have a nice trip !
i ' d like to make a reservation for my trip from detroit to beijing on april 13 on trans pacific airline .
i ' d like to have a round trip ticket with a one-year open return .
economy , please . how much is it ?
very good . could i get an electronic ticket ? i ' m always afraid of losing my tickets .
bank of american card . the number is 6786 9182 12300 8657 .
an aisle seat , please . i ' m tall and need to get up and walk pretty often .
what time should i arrive at detroit airport ?
what happens if i can ' t leave on april 13 ? can i cancel my ticket or change the reservation to another date ?
that ' s ok . what are the weight restrictions for checked baggage ?
that ' s great ! i can have two bags checked for 70 pounds each . i think i ' m all set . you ' re really efficient . thank you very much for your help .
i do want to meet with you and take a look at your catalogue . we ' re redecorating and are going to add some things .
let ' s put it down for 1:15 on thursday . we ' ll definitely need some new filing cabinets and at least one desk unit .
well , i ' ll be glad to help you out . i can come out anytime on tuesday or thursday of next week .
fine . i ' ll bring both our office furniture and equipment catalogues on thursday .
that looks graceful on you .
how about this brown one ?
ok , i will get one for your . here you are .
sorry , it had been sold out .
thank you . but it is too bright for me .
let me try it on . i like that color .
but it is too loose . do you have the smaller size ?
what a pity !
i ' d like to apply for a personal loan .
a thousand dollars .
what ' s the current interest rate ?
how much would you like to borrow ?
let me check with a credit manager . a record show your credit reading is quite high . i don't think you have any problems .
our monthly interest is 1 . 5 % of the outstanding balance . would you please fill out the application the form ?
and there's a little upside-down dilbert on the underside .
my dad will love this . he's a dilbert fan .
model it for me .
wow ! you look just as dorky as dilbert !
when you flip the tie up , he's right side up . brilliant .
i wouldn't mind having one myself ...
ok !
welcome . what can i do for you , madam ?
that's terrible . unfortunately , we don't have that many branches outside the centre of town . what i'd advise you to do is set up a direct debit service .
a direct debit means that every month we can arrange for all of your utility bills to come directly out of your account , no fuss , no hassle .
we set up an agreement with the , say , phone company . they tell us how much to pay them every month and we pay directly from your account . of course , we are able to do this with all of the utilities companies .
i hope you can give me some advice . i'm sick and tired of coming here or to the post office to pay my utility bills . it's such a long way from my home , but i checked and you are my nearest branch . is there anyway i can do it from home ?
a direct debit service ? what's that exactly ?
but how will you know how much i should pay ? i mean , i receive my bills , not you .
i see . so , that would mean that every month it would just come from my account ? that does sound like a good idea , totally trouble free .
hello .
no , lily is not here at the moment .
sure . what ' s your number , please .
thanks . and your name is tony , right ?
you ' re welcome . bye .
hi . it ' s tony calling from the dentist ' s office . is lily there ?
could you ask her to call me back when she gets in ?
519 367 8901 .
yes . i ' m tony . thank you very much .
bye .
so what do you think of my new dress ?
um , ninety-five dollars ?
i bought it for one hundred and forty-five dollars at helen's boutique . i didn't know i could get it cheaper somewhere else .
i don't know , i just saw the dress and thought about how pretty it looks and how much i wanted it . i guess i was too impulsive .
i think it's great ! i really like the color , and it goes really well with your eyes . i've actually been eyeing that dress at maxine's for a while now , but i wasn't sure i could afford ninety-five dollars for a dress at the moment .
yes , that's the price they were advertising it at . i was hoping it might go on sale soon . why , how much did you pay for it ?
of course ! everything at helen's is overpriced , and they sell things that you can find at almost every other clothing store ! why didn't you shop around ?
who gave my dog this cooked chicken bone ?
didn't you know dogs shouldn't eat cooked chicken bones because they're bad for their stomachs ?
i did . why ?
no , i didn't . i'm sorry . it won't happen again .
is it fred's fault ?
but he's equally responsible because he tried to overtake you .
no , i don't suppose he's to blame . the man in the other car made a mistake .
in foreign trade , exporters have to adjust their product in a timely manner .
exporters must ensure that their product satisfies customers ' needs , wants and likes .
that's because the fashion , taste and social customs and so on vary considerably .
well , we should be in accordance with national conditions and adjust the product .
how to adjust ?
ah , some products are successful at home , but not be popular overseas .
yes , sometimes the differences are great .
we have to ensure that the product should be attractive to guarantee sales .
i hate doing the damn laundry .
watch your language .
i want to buy three tickets . what's the entrance fee ?
here are $ 30 . by the way , where can i find a guide ?
thanks a lot .
$ 10 per person .
turn to the next window and they will help you find one .
shall we share a taxi ?
i want to go back to my college on the huanghe road . it is very close to your house .
that's the one .
yeah . if we share the cab , it'll be cheaper . besides that your chinese is better than mine . the drivers usually have difficulty understanding me even though i practice my pronunciation carefully .
where are you heading now ?
is that the university next to the teachers ' college ?
you mean we'll share the taxi ?
well . don ' t worry about it , i will be happy to share the taxi with you .
good morning . are you mr . liu ?
how do you do ? please be seated , how is your trip here ?
oh , yes . how old are you ?
hum , still a student ?
what subjects are you studying ?
have you had any working experience .
what do you like to do in your spare time ?
how are your english and computer skills ?
okay . mr . liu , we'll inform you of the results within a week .
my name is liu lichi . how do you do ?
quite good , i think . i came here by bus , and it took me about 15 minutes .
twenty .
yes , i'm student of grade 3 in the university majoring in economics .
english , math , commercial and legal studies , and accountancy .
well , i worked at a supermarket during last summer holidays .
i like sports very much . besides that , i also like working on a computer in my spare time .
i have passed the cet - 4 and 6 . as far as computer is concerned i can use the computer for word processing .
that dress is very pretty . why don ' t you like it ?
we ' ve been looking around for many hours . what on earth are you looking for ?
what style do you want ?
oh , i see . how about the color ?
i know a shop selling this kind of sweaters .
it ' s too loud .
well , you know , those styles or colors don ' t suit me .
i want to buy a v-neck checked sweater , and it should be tight .
quiet color .
really ? let ' s go there .
hey julie , you want to go grab something to eat ?
i really feel like having a big juicy steak !
i didn't know you were a vegetarian !
a what ?
wow ! that's interesting ! it must be tough !
sure ! what do you feel like having ?
oh . ok . i don't eat meat , but that's fine , i am sure wherever we are going they will have other options right ?
i'm not , i am a vegan .
a vegan . i don't eat or use any animal based products . i don't wear leather , eat eggs , drink milk or anything that comes from an animal . i used to be a pescatarian before , which basically means you don't eat meat , but still have fish and seafood .
it's a bit difficult to find vegetarian friendly restaurants sometimes , but since more and more people are vegetarians or vegans nowadays , it's getting a bit less difficult .
how do you feel about that restaurant ?
what did you dislike the most ?
did you think that the food was any good ?
the service certainly could have been better .
is this a restaurant that you want to come back to ?
it wasn't all that great .
i don't think that they had their act together . they didn't seem well prepared .
i wasn't all that impressed by the food .
the service did not help the situation .
i am not interested in trying this restaurant again .
let me see your passport . is london your final destination ?
how long are you going to stay here ?
do you have any dutiable items ?
what are these ?
no . i am a transit passenger going to sweden .
only one night .
no , i don't .
they are my personal effects .
i heard that you finished my home inspection , and i was wondering how it went .
i am not sure what a home inspection is all about .
wouldn ' t the owners have told me about any problems ?
can i require the owners to fix the problems ?
what did you find out when you did the inspection of my new home ?
first of all , we need to understand what i was looking for . do you know what the purpose of an inspection is ?
i went there to check for problems with the home , so you aren ' t surprised when you move in .
sellers aren ' t always truthful , and there might also be problems that they aren ' t aware of .
you can make the sale of the house contingent on them fixing the problems .
there were no major problems . one leaky pipe under the sink and two broken roof tiles was all that i found .
how you celebrate your valentine ' s day with your wife ?
i will take a rain check .
yesterday i had a quarrel with my roommate . i'm really fed up with all this .
my roommate always brings a lot of friends from off-campus . they stay in the room until midnight , singing and talking , drinking and playing cards while i have no place for study . i even don't have the quietness to sleep .
tell me what seems to be the problem .
did you ever talk to him about it ?
what can i do for you today ?
what do you need to know ?
it depends on what you're trying to do with the completion of the course .
you're going to need to complete six hours .
you can do two hours a day for three days .
yes , that's all you need to do .
i have a question .
i need to take the driver's course . how many hours do i need ?
i need to get my license .
how many hours a day can i do ?
that's all i need to do to finish ?
thanks . i'll get back to you .
would you like your bags to be taken to your room ?
ok . i'll get the bellman to taka them up . which bags are yours ?
ok .
i'll let the bellboy know . don't worry , he's very strong .
of course .
yes , please .
my luggage is in the corner over there . they are the leather suitcase , the canvass holdall and the blue backpack .
please be careful with the suitcase , it's very heavy .
and the holdall has some fragile items inside , so please be careful with that too .
how far do we have to go ?
the traffic is not very heavy on this high way , is it ? so i ' m sure we ' ll make it .
don ' t worry . there ' s plenty of time yet .
right .
about 50 miles .
no , but we ' ve got a hurry . it will be the rush hour soon .
but it ' s friday today . this road is always jam packed during the weekend , isn ' t it ?
hello ! i'm sorry to bother you . this is a complimentary fruit tray . your food will be ready soon .
actually , uh , i made it myself ...
sorry , but i've gotta run . enjoy your food , and ring the service button if you need anything else !
wow ! it's a fruit sculpture ! your chef is a real artist !
you did ? wow ! where did you learn ...
how can we develop a new brand image with no direction whatsoever ?
i guess this is a good excuse to surf the net on someone else's dime .
he must have just got online for the first time last week . he still thinks it's some kind of new toy .
with the fifty forwards he sent out today , maybe we'll inadvertently get inspired .
who'd have thought bean would be this kind of e-mail fanatic ?
okay , so we're agreed on 900 .
let's shake on it .
i'm happy with that price .
okay , let's shake on it .
may i help you ?
you'll need to wait a few minutes for the fries . they are still in the fryer .
your total comes to $ 7 .
sure . your cash back is $ 13 . and we'll bring out your fries in two minutes .
give me a big mac , a small order of french fries and a medium coke .
that's fine .
here's a twenty . could you give me some more napkins ?
thanks .
let me tell you some more . the interest is settled on the 20th of the last month in each quarter , it's paid quarterly . of course it also needs to be settled if you cancel the account .
well , the type b account is very restricted . if your aim is to use the account the same way as your use your settlement account , i would recommend the type a account for you .
miao ping , in your opinion , should we go for the type a or type b account ?
thanks for your time . i'll go and discuss everything with my partner and i'll be back later .
sarah , you don't look so good . what's the matter ?
it sounds like you're coming down with something .
i've got a really bad headache and my stomach hurts .
excuse me , could you give me change for a dollar ?
i want to get cigarettes .
i'll see what i have . what do you need it for ?
you can use quarters , dimes and nickels .
hi . i ' m here to catch flight 513 to new york .
here you are . do you need to see my passport ?
mmmm ... a photo i . d . i have my new jersey driver ' s license . is that ok ?
actually it wad taken just last year , but i had a shaved head and a beard . can you still recognize me ?
yes , one suitcase . i also have a carry-on bag .
may i see your ticket please ?
any form of picture i . d . will do .
that will do . what an interesting picture ! how old is it ?
barely . will you be checking any luggage today ?
ok . mr . lee , you ' re all set . your flight leaves from gate 10 . boarding begins at 10:30
which university did you graduate from ?
what was your major at university ?
what course did you like best ?
what do you think is the relationship between the subjects you've taken and the job you are seeking ?
i graduated from peking university .
i studied economics , i am especially interested in the economic development of china .
i like business management , and i think it's very useful for the present work .
i've taken courses on office administration , reports and correspondence writing . i think all these are closely related to the job of assistant manager , because it requires the ability to perform general office work and to assist the manager in handling all paperwork .
marco has fallen off a ladder . i think he's hurt his back . what shall we do ?
we'd better not move him . i'll get the first-aider .
have you ever shopped online ?
do you have some experiences to share with me ? i want to have a try .
what about the registration procedure ? is that complicated ?
it is so nice of you .
quite often . it is very convenient , saving me a lot of time .
you are asking the right person . here are two very important tips . first , you need to visit no more than one site to find the best products and prices . i can recommend you some online merchants . second , write your mail address correctly . otherwise , you can ' t receive your delivery in time .
not at all . you just need to provide your name , address , e-mail address , phone number and bank or credit card information . i will help you with that .
hey , you look great ! how's everything ?
really ? tell me about it . i haven't gone to the club for a long time . i am too busy with work .
you're right . too much or too little won't do any good .
sounds reasonable .
and fruits !
i've heard that . does your trainer tell you anything about keeping fit ?
i think if you follow your trainer's advice , you'll be on the right track .
yeah , you know what ? i've been going to the club regularly . the training really pays off . now i am in a good shape and i know more about how to keep fit .
it's important to do proper exercises .
the trainer tells me , besides regular sports activities , i should also have a healthy and balanced diet .
we should eat more vegetables instead of junk food to stay energetic .
surely it is . getting enough sleep is also crucial for fitness .
yeah , he advises me to stay in a good mood . that can also help one to keep sound physical health .
you bet it !
what's your main range ?
i am interested in your flying pigeon bicycles . i think some of these items will find a ready market in canada . but what our customers appreciate most is a reliable product .
then i'd like to know your availability of the products and the terms of sales , such as mode of payment , delivery , discounts , etc .
generally speaking , we provide bikes for both gentlemen and ladies , size 19 , 21 , 23 , 25 and 27 inches . we can vary the colors according to the buyer's requirements . here are the catalogues and the pattern books . they will give you a rough idea about our products .
to be reliable is the strong point of our products . as a matter of fact , it's always our practice to supply high quality goods at reasonable prices . flying pigeon is the best of its kind at the price .
i have learnt how to ride a bicycle . i plan to go to the water park by bike this weekend .
oh , my dear sister , i am no longer a baby !
well , you know , the traffic in beijing is sometimes dangerous . therefore , i have to remind you of something . first , you should obey the traffic rules , don't break in the red light . second , don't play a joke with your friends when riding on the bike . third , do not hurry up when riding , or would make an accident . finally , remember come on the left and go on the right !
you have a lovely house , jack .
that's too bad . what problems are you having .
i've studied home decoration as a hobby . could i make some suggestions ?
well , i think a crystal chandelier would look great in your living room , and maybe some new drapes for the windows . also , a grandfather clock would look great in the den . perhaps you could buy some potted plants for the dining room
you are welcome , jack . glad to be of help .
thank you . but a number of things have been going wrong lately .
oh , the whole house needs re-painting for starters . the carpet in the living room is worn out , and i'd like to put in new wall-to-wall carpeting . last week , i had to call the plumber to fix the toilet . anyway , all par for the course when you own a house , i guess . i think i am going to hire an interior decorator to look the place over .
go right ahead .
wow , you really do have a talent for this , alice . thanks for the suggestions .
hello , mrs . white ! i'm anne .
thank you . you ' re so considerate .
nice to see you with us , anne . please make yourself at home .
do you have sport shirts for ladies ?
i think the red one fits me well . can i try it on ?
where is the fitting room ?
there are different types . which one do you like best ?
surely , of course .
it's there , near the mirror .
i'm a little nervous .
you don't think i'll need the seat belt , do you ?
just in case , right ?
don't worry . you'll be fine . first of all , put on your seat belt . adjust the mirrors .
of course not . but it's a good habit to put it on every time you drive .
right . hold the steering wheel with your hands at ten o'clock and two o'clock .
good morning , sir . where are you going ?
when is your flight ?
we are checking in . may i have your ticket and your health certificate and your luggage please .
are you keeping the small bag as carry-on luggage , sir ?
you must weigh that as well .
your luggage is two pounds over . i ' m afraid they'll be in excess luggage charge , sir .
it ' s ten yuan .
this is your luggage check which you must show when you disembark at your destination and here is your boarding pass and your ticket .
now , please wait until your flight is called . there's about twenty-five minutes to go .
there ' s nothing at all to worry about . once you are in the air , it ' s just like sitting at your sitting room . it ' s going to be a very pleasant flight .
i ' m going to england by flight be987 .
10:00 am . when am i supposed to check in ?
here you are .
yes .
all right .
how much must i pay ?
here you are .
thanks .
i ' m a little nervous . i ' ve never flown before .
good evening , ma'am . table for one ?
will this table be all right ?
certainly . how about this one ?
( handing her a menu ) your waiter will be here in a minute to take your order .
yes , please .
actually , i'd like a booth by the window if that's possible .
this will be fine , thanks .
thank you .
i have puzzled my brain about how to teach the children .
my children can never be obedient even if i criticized them severely .
what is your problem ?
you need not always do that . why don ' t you pat them on the back occasionally ?
can i have the window seat over there ?
well , in that case , this table is the only choice .
there is no need . thanks .
sorry , sir . that table has been booked .
actually you can have a window seat if you don't mind a ten-minute wait .
i'm hungry .
where should we go eat today ?
i never bought food from the cafeteria .
what do they have ?
well , i want chinese food .
i guess we can eat there then .
so am i .
how about we go eat in the cafeteria ?
you haven't ? they have a lot of good stuff .
they sell everything .
i've gotten chow mein from there before .
trust me , the food isn't half bad .
hi , who has the remote control ?
yes , please . i can't stand watching the channel any more .
put it on channel 5 , ok ?
don't make such a fuss . i'm sure you will like today's programme .
a basketball match between chinese team and american team .
it might begin now .
i do . why , do you want me to change the channel ?
i think they have pretty good programmes . but i'll change it if you really want .
oh , i hate channel 5 . i'd rather just listen to the radio .
what's on today ?
really ? i'm interested in it .
i am calling to find out why i didn ' t receive an unemployment check this week .
i think i forgot to send it in !
can i send it in now ?
can i mail it in early next time so it isn ' t late ?
will my paycheck come right away now ?
did you send in your continued claim form for the last period ?
you need to be very careful to send that form in every two weeks if you want to get paid .
you should look at your claim form and see if it has been more than fourteen days since it was due . if it hasn ' t been , we will still accept it .
actually , you cannot mail it in early , as it needs to reflect all of the information up to the due date .
your check will arrive a little late .
excuse me , are you mrs . green from england ?
i'm pleased to meet you , mrs . green . my name is myra . i work in beijing institute of technology . i came here to meet you .
how do you do ?
welcome to beijing . is this your first time in china ?
it's our pleasure to have you here . i hope you will have a pleasant stay here .
yes , i am .
how do you do ?
it's kind of you to meet me at the airport .
no , i have visited china several times , but it's my first visit to beijing and i think it's a great honor to be invited to your beautiful city .
thank you . i'm sure i will have a wonderful time here .
hi , there . look at these . i have collected some ads here . there is a special promotion for mother's day this weekend .
of course . i want to buy some night cream for my mom , and some masques for myself .
how much is it ?
what's included in the gift package ?
sounds not bad .
oh , yes . mother's day is coming . do you plan to buy anything ?
hmm . in carrefour , clinique will be promoting their visible skin renewed cream .
180 yuan , and you can get a free 8 piece gift package .
some black mascara , moisturizing orion , eye cream crystal lipstick , a two color eye shadow pack , styling hairspray , and a cosmetics bag .
hello , oriental hotel .
i'm sorry , mr . baker is not in . may i take a message ?
all right , mr . cook . i'll have mr . baker call you back as soon as he gets here .
i'd like to speak to michael baker , please .
yes . tell him mr . cook called and ask him to return my call soon as he gets back .
how do you spend your day , helen ?
really ? what time do you go to work ?
and when do you get home at night ?
so what do you do , exactly ?
gee , i'm sorry . i don't watch tv .
well , on weekdays i get up around ten . then i read the paper for an hour and have lunch at about noon .
i start work at three .
i get home pretty late , around midnight .
i'm a tv announcer . don't you recognize me ? i do the weather report on knt !
they don't really think you took it , do they ?
how many of them were there ?
like what ?
what on earth has that got to do with some money disappearing ?
oh well , that's it . they obviously think you're a desperate criminal and you have to steal to eat . i should think you'll get thirty years .
i don't know . i just know i've never been asked so many questions in my life .
three-but there was one of them who kept asking really stupid questions .
oh , he wanted to know what time i got up this morning and if i bad a bath or a shower you know , things like that .
i've no idea . oh yes , and the most ridiculous thing . he asked me what i had for breakfast this morning .
hmm . thank you very much .
what a mess !
sorry . i'll clean it up .
what can i do for you ?
we have many kinds of different purpose . i wonder whom you are buying for ?
i see , sir . this one is very good .
you may rest assured . it sells well .
certainly . here it is .
i'd like to buy some milk powder . what would you recommend ?
my son . he is two years old .
is it ?
may i have a look at the introduction ?
hello , madam . what can we do for you today ?
i certainly do . here it is , an export l / c from tokyo .
yes , it is . sayuri beds , tokyo , japan .
just sign right here , please . that's everything you need to do .
hi . i've been sent over from turner interiors . they said i need to collect some sort of l / c ? do you have it ?
it should be from sayuri beds . is that right ?
that's what i want ! do you need me to sign anything ? or fill in some forms ?
perfect . thank you , goodbye !
excuse me . can you tell me where main street is ?
is it far ?
thanks a lot
turn left at the second light and then go straight for two blocks .
no . it ' s only five minutes walk . you can ' t miss it .
you are welcome
hello , sir , what can i do for you today ?
no problem ! we have a broad selection of suits , all tailored made so that it will fit perfectly .
very well sir . would you like to have some shirts made also ?
very good . now , if you will accompany me , we can take your measurements and choose the patterns for your suit and shirts .
hello , i need a new suit . i have an important interview next week , so i really need to look sharp .
great ! i want a three piece suit , preferably made from italian cashmere or wool .
sure . i ' ll also take some silver cuff link and a pair of silk ties .
excuse me , what's the time difference between tokyo and london ?
it's one day more or one day less from tokyo to london ?
it means that we will arrive on the same day .
8 hours . tokyo is 8 hours earlier than london .
one day more .
yes .
shall we visit the summer palace tomorrow ?
how far is it from our hotel ?
if we start early , do we have some time for yuanmingyuan ?
good . i don't want to leave beijing without visiting it .
it's about 5 kilometers .
i think so . we can go there in the afternoon if you like .
i need a taxi , please .
no , thanks . a taxi is just fine .
i don't want anything except a taxi , thank you .
rockefeller center .
the sooner the better .
great ! and remember , a taxi , not a limo .
we have various transportation services . would you prefer a private vehicle ?
may i suggest a limo ? it's nice to pamper yourself .
i understand . and where will you be going ?
and what time would you like to be picked up ?
a taxi will be here shortly , sir .
a taxi it is , sir .
it's your turn now , helen .
this is your song . i picked it for you .
push the red button on the mike to turn it on .
i think it's a piece of cake for you .
well done ! i hope i can sing as well as you one day .
i hope so . thank you for saying so .
ok . i'm coming .
thank you . you are so considerate .
ok . this key is too high for me .
ok . let me have a try ...
thank you . i'm sure you will .
excuse me , could you help me pick out a lotion ?
i got poison oak while hiking , and i need something to help me with the itching .
which do you prefer ?
is there anything else i can do to help with the itching ?
thank you so much for all of the information .
sure , what is the problem ?
i can suggest a product called techne that comes in a lotion or cream .
hikers tell me that the cream is best because it stays on longer .
you can take an antihistamine .
you are welcome . please feel free to ask me a question any time you need help .
abby park hotel . can i help you ?
certainly sir . could i have your arrival and departure dates ?
we have a double room for you with a nice view of the park . would that be ok ?
it is ninety-five pounds per night . it is a double room with a bathroom . there is a fridge , coffee maker and a television in the room .
all our bathrooms have full size baths with a shower attachment .
yes , all our rooms have complimentary wireless internet .
yes , breakfast is included in the price . our guests have the choice of a full english breakfast or a continental breakfast .
certainly , sir .
yes , i would like to book a room for my wife and myself .
we will be arriving on tuesday next week and staying for two days .
yes , that would be great . how much is the room ?
does the bathroom have a bath or a shower ?
does the room have an internet connection ?
excellent . do you serve breakfast in the hotel ?
that's great . can i book the room ?
john ? it ' s susan miller .
do you know where that memo about office procedures is ? i want to give my secretary a copy .
hi , susan . what ' s up ?
i ' m sorry . i have no idea . i haven ' t seen that for ages .
sir what's the boarding time ?
i don't want to miss my flight .
thank you .
i am sorry . the flight is late . please go to the waiting room for further notice .
don't worry . we will keep you well informed .
( a stranger stops to help ) everything ok ?
i think that's just steam . your engine's overheated .
a little bit . i'll take a look if you want me to .
yeah , she's hot . radiator's leaking . looks like you were running her pretty hard .
did you have an accident recently ... hey , wait a second ! i know this car !
i ran into it a couple of weeks ago . what do you know ? name's hal .
boy , i'm sure sorry about your car . hey , akimbo , i wonder if you'd like to make a deal ?
i'd like to give you cash for the damage to your car .
i'd rather not . they'll raise my rates . it'll cost me more in the long run .
hell , i don't care . just don't submit a report to your insurancecompany .
no ! my tour bus got a speeding ticket not ten minutes ago . now my engine is on fire !
do you know a lot about cars ?
please . thank you so much for stopping .
that must have been just before i got the speeding ticket .
you do ?
i'm akimbo . nice to meet you , i guess .
what kind of deal ?
you don't want your insurance company to pay for it ?
if you give me cash , do you care if i don't fix the car ?
it's a deal , hal . thanks again for stopping to help . and thanks for smashing my car !
our benefits usually include medical insurance , public accumulation fund and allowances .
if you go on a business trip , you will enjoy the allowance . it is 200 yuan per day .
as a new-comer , you usually have five days of annual vacation . and remember you have to fill out a request form , if you want to ask for leave .
of course . in spring and autumn , we will hold some sports actives . and in movie seasons , we bulk purchase film tickets .
what are the allowances ?
well , i see . and what about the vacation in our company ?
will our company have some recreational activities ?
i will take it . how much ?
i am sure you can do better than that .
well , what about $ 70 with a scarf ?
$ 60 .
sorry , sir . it's the sale price .
it's my rock bottom price . take it or leave it .
good afternoon , sir . have you made a reservation ?
i don't think so . you have to wait for about 10 minutes .
i am afraid not . are there any vacant tables ?
that's all right .
i am calling to consult you about the job as a copywriter .
the information is scanty for me . and can you describe the responsibilities of the position ?
yes , what do you want to know ?
yes . copywriters are supposed to design and write articles for the advertising company .
how would you like your hair set ?
shall i put some oil on ? b
i'd like to have it in big waves .
hello , jack . i'm john .
sit down , please . maybe you have read the contract , but i want to give you the details again before you sign the contract . you must have a three-month internship .
when you become a permanent employee , you will have the insurances . you will get monthly pay and will be on eight-hour / day work shift .
yes . you can also enjoy legal holidays and year-end bonus .
if you need to work overtime , you will get twice the usual salary as overtime pay .
you have read the relevant terms of the contract . do you have other questions ?
about two weeks .
if you don't have other questions , just sign here .
i'm glad to see you !
yes , i know .
wait , will i have five insurances and one fund ?
it sounds great !
ok .
how long will the induction training be ?
i see .
ok .
hi , i'm george . i'll be your waiter this evening . are you ready to order or do you need a few more minutes ?
and would you like an appetizer before your meal ? the soup of the day is our delicious tomato soup .
can i get you anything to drink ? :
okay . i'll be back in a minute with your drink and salad .
i'm ready now . i'd like the roast chicken and a side order of corn .
i'll pass on the soup , but i'd like a garden salad .
yes , i'd like a glass of iced tea .
thank you .
do you want to help me make the cookies , anna ?
first , put away your toys .
i'll get the flour out .
i'd love to .
ok .
let me help you .
we have made some adjustment on the prices . and this is renewed price list .
this is our rock-bottom price , and we can't make any further reduction .
then what ' s your counter-offer ?
we are sincere to make business with you , but the difference between your counter-offer and our price is too great .
how about meeting each other half-way in order to conclude the business ?
thank you for allowing us 3 % reduction , but still we find your price is on the high side .
if so , we find it difficult for us to go on with our talks .
this is our counter-offer .
so are we . our counter-offer is in line with the world market .
agreed .
what do you usually have for breakfast ? pancakes or waffles ?
but isn't it served with cold milk ?
chinese people don't like to eat cold food .
but i'm open to new things . i'll have a bowl of cereal , too .
with cold milk !
i usually have cereal for breakfast .
yeah . cold milk wakes me up .
is that right ?
with cold milk ?
i am so happy to know that the promotion campaign for our new product is very successful . we just made a record sale this season .
it is not an easy job . how do you like the advertisement for the new product ?
certainly .
that is very encouraging news . i heard that the marketing department has done a three months research , they sent the feedback information to the research and development center by the end of every month . that is to say , the r & d center redesigned the product twice before it was launched into the market .
that is the best one i have seen . i am sure our target customers , young people will love it .
hi , i need to copy something right now .
great ! how much per copy ?
okay , i'll be down there shortly .
our computer lab on the first floor has a copy machine , sir .
sir , one copy is ten cents .
you probably won't have to wait for anyone , sir .
hi , ellen . that outfit looks terrific !
no , we just don ' t usually admit it !
thanks , jim . i didn ' t think guys paid attention to stuff like that .
well , thanks for the compliment anyway !
this olympic park is so big !
splendid ! when is it gonna be finished ?
how many seats are there in the stand ?
i didn ' t know it would be so big !
ah ... i see . hey , look the sign here , no climbing .
yes . now we are in the olympic stadium , the center of this park .
the whole stadium is to be finished this june .
oh , there are 5000 seats in total .
it is ! look there , those are the tracks . and the jumping pit is over there .
we put many signs with english translations for foreign visitors .
it's located in the suburbs ? well even though that sounds like a steal , i really want something downtown .
i know , that's my problem . what do you think i should do ?
oh , great idea !
ok . well the problem is that the apartments in the heart of the city are usually more expensive .
well , maybe you could get a two-bedroom apartment downtown and share the rent with a roommate .
so , monica , how do you like your new office ?
that ' s very good . i once turn down a job offer just because the office is awful .
small rooms , small window , a small desk shared by three people . i would have been interrupted all the time and for sure not be able to deliver good work .
totally agree . by the way , the number of the telephone on your desk is extension 506 . you can pick up your office supplies from the supply room at the end of the corridor .
well , i love it . the room is spacious and clean with big windows and a lot of sunshine . there are plants along the corridor . especially , i got my own desk with computer and telephone . such a great place !
what was so bad about it ?
sounds bad ! lucky you ! you didn ' t take that job . i think a good office environment is also important to work efficiently .
now , if i look here i see that you completed a ba in english ?
yes , i ' m pleased to see that you also got a distinction .
well , it looks like his encouragement paid off rebecca . so how about extracurricular activities at university ?
what did that involve ?
i ' m sure . okay , now let ' s move on to your work experience , shall we ?
yes , that ' s right . after graduating from high school in new york i attended york university in the uk . my major was english , and my minor was business studies . i completed my ba in 2004 .
yes that ' s right . i ' ve always enjoyed studying . my friends say i ' m a bit of a bookworm , but my father always pushed us to succeed academically .
well i ' ve always been keen on writing , so i became the editor for the university student magazine , which i really loved . also i volunteered for a group called shelter , to help the homeless in york .
providing warm meals and shelter , especially in the winter months . i found it really fulfilling to be part of that group .
yes , okay .
could you change these for me , please ?
twenties and some smaller bills , please .
yes . could you tell many balance ? here's account number .
what would you like ?
anything else ?
now , what seems to be the trouble ?
mm , you do look rather pale . let me take your temperature . would you put the thermometer under your arm , please ? now , let me listen to your pulse . mm , do you feel weak ?
i'll give you a blood test . would you roll up your sleeve ? just as i thought . you're anemic . you'd better pay more attention to your diet . eat plenty of fresh fruit and vegetables and food high in protein . and don't stay up late working . try to get more rest .
it's nothing serious . but i always have a headache , and i haven't slept properly for several weeks . i've also lost appetite and my eyes are burning .
yes , i never seem to have any energy .
thank you .
excuse me , i would like to know something about this campus . right now it seems very big and confusing ! i have no idea where i am going or what i am doing .
yes , i have , but it doesn ' t help me very much . i ' m not very good at reading maps .
more or less . i go to three different buildings , and always get there late . i feel so hopeless . i don ' t know why i am late all the time . no one else seems to be .
do you have a map of the campus ?
do you know where your classes are ?
that's because you don't know the short cuts . you'll learn them after a while . i can show you the ropes .
good morning , i would like to reserve a berth .
t112 to washington please .
that's lincoln .
which train do you like ?
may i have your name ?
will you be voting ?
who are you voting for ?
what do you like about him ?
you think so ?
i ' m glad to hear that you are so excited .
i ' m sure he will be .
i can ' t wait to vote .
the person i ' m voting for is the best .
he is very intelligent .
that ' s right . plus , i agree with his policies .
i ' m voting for the next president .
i ' m going to make sure and vote .
good morning . may i help you ?
one moment , please , sir . ... here's your bill . would you like to check and see if the amount is correct ?
that's for the phone calls you made from your room .
certainly . may i have your passport , please ?
could you sign each cheque here for me ?
here are your receipt and your change , sir . thank you .
yes , i'd like to check out now . my name's adams , room 312 . here's the key .
what's the 14 pounds for ?
can i pay with traveller's cheques ?
here you are .
sure .
thank you . goodbye .
what type of people do you work with most effectively ?
what things impress you in your colleagues ?
what are some of the things your supervisor did that you disliked ?
how do you organize and plan for major projects ?
describe an experience when you had to work under great pressure .
how do you manage your time in a typical day ?
describe a time when you acted on someone's suggestion .
i tend to work well with people who are confident and straightforward . it ' s more difficult for me to be around timid people , because i move quickly and i am decisive .
i admire and work best with people who are of good character and integrity . i also think confidence and enthusiasm is positive in any business environment .
the only thing i really don't like is to get feedback in front of others . i want to hear good and bad feedback in private , so that i have time to think and react to the issue without other distractions . i believe that's the fair way to improve learning or to change future behavior .
i love to brainstorm a best , worst , and most likely scenario . then , i set a timetable that's realistic . what i usually find is that some combination of my schedule easily as these things unfold because i've already visualized what could happen and how i'd react .
i had to complete an end of quarter report once while i was on the road for two consecutive weeks . the amount of telephoning back and forth was incredible , because i could't bring my office files with me . luckily i had a great secretary and a logical filling system , so we located everything we needed .
i've always given priority to work with established clients , because they offer a better risk / return value . the last thing i do is general correspondence , especially internal correspondence , which i take care of at the end of the day or week .
i changed my open office hours because several of my employees found it difficult to visit me except in the early mornings .
did you get bean's ten different good luck forwards , like that one from the dalai lama ?
i figured i might as well send one or two of them out . maybe my luck will get better .
it's worth a shot . maybe we'll get some luck in thinking up something for this case .
yeah , i deleted all that superstitious crap . what a waste of bandwidth !
do you really think the dalai lama sent that ? i'm tired of all these forwards .
i am sorry to have kept all of you waiting . i was delayed by something urgent .
what did he say ?
he shouldn't drive his car . he should come here by bus .
you are not late , mr . thomas . there're still 15 minutes to go . mr . white has just called you .
he said there was a traffic jam , but he is coming .
want to send out for some chinese ?
some chinese food . i'm hungry , and there's a take-out restaurant near here . we can have them deliver and then watch the news on tv while we eat .
okay . i could go for that . it's called al's steakhouse . they also have great fried fish , and i love their salad bar . you can go back to refill your plate as often as you like .
yes , their steaks are enormous . sometimes i can't finish what i've ordered .
don't worry . we'll just get a doggie bag .
some what ?
no , i'd rather go out . the chinese food here is rather different from what i had at home . maybe we can try some other food today ... what about that all-you-can-eat place we passed the other day , the one over in the shopping center ?
is that the place that serves such large portions of meat ?
what if that happens to me ? i hate to let food go to waste .
do you get the news that our company is trying to find out new tactics to test us ?
it takes most of our weekends to listen to these boring lectures , so i can not bear it anymore . it is said that they think out some tests to check our management skills .
definitely !
i know something about it . our company often organizes all kinds of lectures to improve our professional skills .
is that true ?
if that information is exact , i guess our company is willing to promote someone .
hello sir , how may i help you ?
i see , may i ask what the occasion is ?
very well . this arrangement here is very popular among regretful husbands and boyfriends . it has a dozen long stem red roses with a couple of sunflowers and a single orchid that stands out . it includes a small teddy bear to achieve the effect of immediate forgiveness .
mmm , well this is our i ' m sorry i cheated on you package . two dozen red roses lined with tulips , carnations and lilies . the fragrance and beauty of this flower arrangement is sure to make her forgive you .
i ' m sorry sir but , what exactly did you do ?
get out of my store , you jerk !
i would like to buy some flowers , please . something really nice .
it ' s not really an occasion , it ' s more like i ' m sorry .
i think i ' m gonna need more than just a dozen red roses and a bear . what else do you recommend ?
i don ' t think that ' s gonna cut it . i need something bigger and better !
well , i may have accidentally insinuated that she is getting chubbier .
i have to get to chicago by tomorrow and you're telling me that there are no flights ?
you mean like a bus ? have you ever traveled for ten hours on a bus before ?
alright , give me the number . but put me on that waiting list as well .
how many people are on the waiting list right now ?
i'm very sorry , sir . i could put you on a waiting list , but you would be wise to check out other means of travel .
i have not sir . but i do have a number for a very comfortable bus that goes to chicago every hour from here .
here is the number , and your name is on the waiting list .
right now i show that there are 176 people on the list . and you are number 176 .
how do you think they could be ended ?
so , if the cause is poverty , there should be a program to make the country richer . if the problem is resources , share them .
yes , it is . one way to stop countries fighting is to cut off their financial support . wars are very expensive .
i don't think that there is any easy way . the united nations could send peacekeepers into the country . at least then the warring parties could be forced to negotiate .
it sounds easy when you say it like that . in reality , it's harder to make peace between countries .
you still have not given me those files i ' ve asked you for .
i really don ' t want to hear your excuses , janet . we ' re running a busy office here . you ' re going to have to keep up .
i ' m sorry , mr . myers . i ' ve just been so busy today .
you ' re right , sir . i apologize . i ' ll get those files for you now .
what sort of job would you like to take ?
we need an operator now .
i prefer a sedentary job and i used to work as an operator .
it's just the job i've been searching for .
i wish the politicians would quit digging up dirt about each other's past .
and it takes up all the news .
it's so small . the fact that there is public interest , doesn't say much for us as the public .
i don't remember the last time i listened to am radio .
i know . it really makes a mess of the whole election process .
the problem is that there always a large number of people who eat that kind of stuff up .
have you ever listened to am radio ? it's quite a different experience than the traditional news stations on tv and fm radio .
another place you can get real insight is european papers . you can get them on-line .
hello , miss wu , this is dan robson calling from otc limited . i'd like to check my last order . when exactly was it sent out ?
sure . no problem .
sure . do you have my number ?
no problem . i'll wait for your call .
i can check that for you right now . would you mind holding ?
mr . robson , i'm sorry . our computer system is down . could i call you back later ?
yes , i have it right here . i'm so sorry about this .
what are you typing there ?
really ? did you find any information about a new job ?
great ! do you think you have a chance at getting the job ?
maybe i should try looking on the web for work .
but there must be so many people who also see the advertisement for that job on the net . you might have no chance .
i'm working on my resume .
yeah , i just got some good information off the internet .
i didn ' t just find out about one job . there were several ones that looked good .
sure you have to be patient . but i think it ' s much less trouble to sit in front of a computer than to go door to door or to make a lot of phone calls .
how do you know if you don ' t have a try ?
would you please show me the necklace in the window ?
no , the one next to it .
thanks . what kind of stone is this ?
yes , please . how much is it ?
it looks good . ok . i'll take it .
is this the one you want ?
here you are .
it's a ruby . it is from south africa . would you like to try it on ?
it costs $ 200 .
happy birthday , jim !
here is a present for you . i hope you like it .
i'm very glad to hear that .
thank you , lisa .
oh , great ! i love it ! you know i've been expecting this for a long time .
come here , let me introduce some friends to you .
what's wrong with you ? you look pale .
when did the trouble start ?
it sounds like you are coming down with the flu . let me take your temperature .
yes , thirty-eight point seven . do you have a headache , chest or throat pain ?
now , let me have a look at you . i'd like to listen to your chest . now breathe in , a deep breath , that's it cough , now again . i want to examine your throat , too . open wide , say ' ah - - '
yes , it does look a bit sore . let's take an x-ray of your chest and give you a few tests .
the tests showed nothing wrong . a slight viral infection .
i'm giving you some antibiotics and aspirins . take an aspirin when you've got a fever , and take one antibiotic capsule every four hours , and go home and rest in bed for two days . drink plenty of water , then you'll feel better . here's the prescription .
i'm not sure , i feel hot and cold .
i was sick most of the night .
have i got a high fever ?
yes , i have .
aaaaahh , aaaaahh .
all right , thanks .
what shall i do today ?
i have to check out today . i'd like my bill ready by 10 this morning .
thank you .
you can be sure of that , sir .
i called hp about my computer .
they said i need a new hard drive .
it's not too much , only about $ 85 .
no , my hard drive is easy to remove and replace .
yes , it's just a couple of screws .
it's a lot better than paying someone $ 60 .
what did they say ?
that's too bad . how much is a new one ?
plus installation ?
really ?
that's nice .
if my hard drive crashes , i'll just call you .
gosh , it's 7:30 , i'll miss the first class .
yes , mum .
don't get up so late next time . you should have gone to bed earlier last night .
is there anything wrong ?
don ' t worry . that ' s just a part of being a teenager .
you should encourage her to make up her mind by herself . you shouldn ' t affect her decision .
oh , she can make her own decisions .
believe me . everything will be ok .
i ' m worried about my daughter . she can ' t decide about college .
i don ' t mind that . but she disagrees with me about everything .
but i just want to give her some tips .
i guess you are right .
i hope so .
it's beautiful here .
how long will we dock ?
yes . we come at the right time .
yes . i feel refreshed .
in half an hour . the surface of the lake is calm .
that was a really good meal , gordon .
well , it is getting pretty late . i think we should go home .
let's see how much the bill is .
what are you talking about ? we'll split the bill .
no way , gordon . i know that you are a little short on cash at the moment . there's no need for you to pay for the whole bill .
that's better . this way we will both have money to take a cab home , otherwise , you would probably have to walk .
you've got a deal .
bye .
it sure was . i couldn't eat another bite .
you're right . i have to get up early to go to work tomorrow .
don't worry about it . tonight is my treat .
no , i insist . i kept telling you that i would treat you to dinner but i still haven't .
alright , if that's the way you are going to be , we'll split the bill .
just promise you will let me treat you to dinner next week , ok ?
great . bye .
i hear you are planning to travel abroad .
in my opinion , there are several places you mustn't miss , like washington d . c , las vegas , new york and los angeles .
yes , you may consider those two places also . seattle , for example , is worth visiting and there's a very famous museum called museum of flight .
yes . i'm going to the untied states for travel . what places do you recommend ?
someone suggests that i should go to seattle and hawaii .
and seattle is the home of microsoft and boeing . that must be a great place . i can't miss it .
this looks like a very nice house .
the style of the exterior is just what i ' ve been looking for !
this home is gorgeous on the inside !
the wall colors totally suit the style of this house .
i love the bamboo flooring and granite countertops .
there is plenty of room for our king-sized bed , and i love the light in this room .
you know , i fell in love with this house the first moment i laid eyes on it .
the exterior is only half of the story . the interior is incredible .
everything that you see on the walls , floors , and windows is brand new .
straight ahead is the gourmet kitchen .
the master suite is the best . let ' s go look at that next .
i know that you like this house , but let ' s take a look at the others before you make up your mind .
room service . what can i do for you ?
sorry sir , we will bring you one . anything else ?
l am afraid there isn't any fancy soap in my room .
yes . bring me a bath towel as well .
good afternoon . british airline . is there any thing i can do for you ?
sure . when do you want to take the plane ?
will that be first class or economy seat ?
$ 200 .
can i make a reservation for flight fw58 to san marino ?
next monday .
what's the fare for a first class seat ?
oh . i am not a wall streeter . give me an economy one please .
hello , sir . so , you are back ?
that's pretty easy to explain . with the deposit , the interest is fixed , but the dividend of each policy will be transferred automatically into your bank account by the end of each year . the longer the term , the higher the dividend you earn . this is because it is calculated at the compound interest rate .
yes . and if you already have a current account with us , the insurance premium can be paid through it , which saves all of us a lot of hassle .
yes , hello again . i would like to know the exact difference between dividend deposit and dividend participated deposit .
and i can purchase that here ?
are there any beds vacant ?
i prefer one facing the sea . besides , it should have a shower .
well , that's fine .
yes , what kind of room do you want ?
sorry , right now we can only have you a room without shower .
welcome to the company . we are conducting a survey of new employees to find out what influenced them to choose our company .
you're kidding ! something as simple as that ?
yes , there has been a lot of research into rsi's . something so simple as proper chair height can prevent injuries . tell me , did anything else influence your decision ?
well , welcome to the team .
that's easy . it was your office ergonomics that decided me .
yes . it is very important to me . my mother worked in offices for twenty years , and she finally had carpal tunnel syndrome . i have been reading about repetitive stress injuries , and i know that t
yes , i noticed that you have professional training and team-building days . i like the idea of working for a company that invests in its staff .
good afternoon . i've brought the extra blanket you asked for .
is there anything i can do for you now ?
certainly , sir .
oh , thank you .
yes . i'm rather tired and want to go to bed early . please make the bed .
lin's office supplies . how may i direct your call ?
sure , just a moment . ... i'm sorry no one answer the phone .
certainly !
marry lin please .
all right , could i leave a message ?
please ask her to call john .
excuse me . where is the way out ?
it's very confusing in here , isn't it ?
it should be the way out .
well , that's what i'm looking for myself .
absolutely . oh , do you see a sign there ?
ok . let's go and see .
excuse me , i ordered the well-done steak , but this one is so tough .
i think you should be more careful next time .
well , sir , i think i have made a mistake . i will take it back to the kitchen right now .
yes , sir . i'm really so sorry about that .
allan , i am really disappointed by your lack of effort on this project .
no , i ' m sorry . i disagree . i don ' t think you ' ve been working at full speed at all .
look , sally . i ' ve put just as much work into this as anybody else .
well . i ' m sorry you feel that way .
hi joe , how are you doing today ?
things are going well for me , joe .
my parents are taking me to dinner tonight .
what movie did you want to see ?
i was thinking that i would like to see " the secret life of bees . "
things are going good today . how have you been doing , mary ?
want to go see a movie tonight ?
could you go with me to the movies on friday night , instead ?
there is a new horror flick about a rapist serial killer .
oh great ! sounds like something i need to bring kleenex to !
how's the bride-to-be ?
just relax . with me as your maid of honor , everything will be fine !
hey ! i'm the tour guide . i'll take care of the taiwanese guests .
i will . don't worry !
tired and stressed . this wedding is giving me a headache .
i'm worried that everything will be chaotic !
you're going to have to tell them what to do in church , what everything means ...
jim ? jim ? ... what are you doing in the kitchen ?
milk ? i thought you didn't like milk .
nonsense . there's lots of food in the refrigerator ... what's behind your back ?
what are you hiding behind your back ? let me see .
ok , i promise . what is it ?
oh , jim . i told you . no pets . it'll make a mess of this house .
no way . it might belong to somebody else . you can't keep it here .
all right . but you have to clean up everything it messes up .
nothing , mummy . i was hungry so i came here for some milk .
i don't , but i couldn't find anything to eat in the refrigerator .
nothing .
promise that you won't get angry .
it's a kitty .
please , mummy . everybody else in my class keeps a pet . please , i'll take care of it . it's a good kitty . it'll not bring you any trouble .
please , mummy . i found it this afternoon by the garbage bin . it was starving and looking for something to eat . please ! you see , it's so cute and tame .
i will . thank you , mummy .
i was wondering if you could help me with something .
actually , it ' s a little bit silly .
what words do i need to know to buy a pair of shoes ?
don ' t worry about that . i can point it out in the store .
let me write all that down . i ' m going shopping this afternoon .
sure , anything you say .
don ' t worry about it , just ask .
you need to know the type of shoes you want .
the shoes can be comfortable or not comfortable , too wide , too narrow , or just right ; and long or short . in girls shoes , the heel can be high or low .
excuse me . how long has it been since the business was founded ?
so , it has a history for more than a decade ?
it has been 12 years since it was founded in 1998 .
yes . and it was incorporated with other businesses in 2008 due to the global financial crisis .
what can i do for you , madam ?
certainly , madam . what would you like to know ?
all right . we can grant a financing promise quota , if you qualify . this means that we can deal with all of your needs in a speedy and efficient way . firstly , your credit rating must be class a , and your debt to asset ratio must be top notch , for the industry you are involved in .
can you help me with comprehensive credit granting ?
well , everything really .
let's do something outdoors today .
okay . what do you want to do ?
all right . that sounds like fun .
all right . but i don't want to play tennis . we played tennis last weekend .
i want to go jogging .
good afternoon . i come here specially to pick up my tickets . i booked it last month . this is my reservation note .
but i have been so busy all these days . well , is there any other ticket available ? i want the next one .
i am terribly sorry . you didn't come to reconfirm recently . you should have come to pick up your ticket three days ago since it's an international flight , any reservation without reconfirmation within 72 hours will be cancelled .
the last thing to be ignored at a chinese dinner table is to keep modest .
no , absolutely not ! on the contrary , you'll be considered a well-connected , sociable man , if you keep involved in the conversation all the time . but always pay attention to what you say . if the table has a senior guest , say something as upbeat and cheerful as possible . or maybe , you may give the floor to him and keep listening as if very interested .
correct . show respect for the older people . conventionally , before the meal starts , the younger members are supposed to address each one of the elderly members of the table one by one . others are kept in waiting until the most venerable guest proclaim the beginning of the meal and takes the first bite . toasts also go to these men first before people can toast to each other .
yes , plenty of them . don't eat fast ! people usually keep their dining pace accorded with others . and all the dishes should not be eaten up completely .
haha , i'm afraid it's simply because no one wishes to be too noticeable by finishing off the plate .
does that suggest diners avoid speaking much ? the same is true in the west .
you mean , keeping a low profile in the presence of the old ? that goes in like with confucius ' preachings , right ?
any other rules to observe in order to keep modest ?
is it because that would give the host the impression that the food was insufficient ?
our toner cartridges are already out of ink ... could you make an order for a new set ?
you can double check with the housekeeping department , but i am pretty sure all of the machines will need new cartridges . last time when we made our order to the supplier , the quantity was also especially high . they are used to receiving such bulk orders from us . as long as we give them a heads up a couple days in advance , they can usually fill the order .
i think the only thing is toner . try to see if they can deliver it before the end of business day tomorrow . we should really try to do better about waiting until the last minute to fill orders that are usually made on a monthly basis . anyhow , see what you can do to expedite the order this time .
we will need new cartridges for all of the office printers ? that will be a large order , probably about two or three cases . the office supply store we usually go through might not have that many in stock .
ok , i will make a few calls and run our order by housekeeping first to make sure . is there anything else we need to order while i am at it ?
ok , will do .
i want a pair of sports shoes , adidas .
i wear size 40 .
oh , i like the color .
what size do you want ?
how about this one ? it's the latest design .
may i help you ?
what size do you wear ? these shoes are on sale .
of course , yes . they look nice . and they're not expensive .
they are $ 168 .
i'm looking for a pair of shoes .
i wear size 36 . this pair looks nice . can i try them on ?
how much are they ?
i'll take them .
a friend of mine has been taking an online career planning course these days . he told me the other day he has learned a lot from it . he recommended me to subscribe to it . what do you say ?
well , just something in general , like several key steps in planning career and how to set specific and tenable goals .
making a decision to start over is not an easy thing to do . it seems that you need this course more than i do . i love my current job . if i take this course , i hope to learn some tricks to get myself more organized at work . if they can give suggestions about how to boost work relationships , that will be great . i need these to improve my current work performance .
i think it is good if we know enough about career planning . we will make wiser choices . what else did he tell you about it ?
sounds practical ! to be honest , sometimes i feel puzzled about my future career . i am not sure if this job suits me the best though i work very hard on it and enjoy being a hard worker . i have always wanted to try something else and learn some new skills .
ok , then we can sign up for it together .
who's it knocking at the door ?
all right . i'll get it .
i think it's the postman . will you go and open the door ?
good evening . welcome to cherry's . do you have a reservation ?
how many of you , please ?
i'm afraid all the big tables are taken .
no , we don't .
six , including two kids .
hi , i think i was supposed to call for my test results today .
are you saying that there weren ' t any problems ?
will i be able to read the results on the website and understand them ?
how will i know what the numbers mean ?
how can i see test results from tests i have taken before ?
if you go onto our website and put in your password , you can access your test results .
i will always have you come in for a discussion if there is a major problem .
yes , if you go there , you can see what each test is about .
you can see your results and how they compare to the normal range .
we put all of your test results up in the same place . just check the dates for what you need .
this is our rock-bottom price , mr . lee .
what i mean is that we'll never be able to come down to your price . the gap is too great .
what's your proposal ?
do you mean a further reduction of 50 dollars in our price ? that's impossible !
the best we can do is another 30 dollars off . that's definitely the lowest we can go .
ok . we can meet halfway again .
if that's the case . there's not much point in further discussion . we might as well call the whole deal off .
i think it unwise for either of us to be inflexible . how about meeting each other halfway ?
your unit price is 100 dollars higher than we want . well , i suggest we meet each other halfway .
what would you suggest ?
that still leaves a gap of 20 dollars . let's meet each other half-away again and split the difference ; i think this is a price we can both be satisfied with .
hello .
no , i was just about to get up . what's up , carl ?
b as in boy . you should get off at the last stop in chinatown .
that's the wrong direction . canal street is on the other side of chinatown .
at 10,45 . is ann coming along ?
see you around , carl .
good morning , ruth . did i wake you up ?
listen , i am calling to confirm what you said yesterday . are we supposed to meet at the chinatown terminal of the avenue b bus or d bus ?
oh , you mean canal street ?
oh , i get it . when did we decide to meet ?
i cannot get hold of her yet .
see you later .
has your company been affected much by government legislation ?
what about your use of raw materials ?
what happens if you exceed the limits ?
yes , we have . we've had to clean up our production process a lot to meet tough government standards .
well , we've had to cut down the amount of solvents we use and we ' re not allowed to use lead in our products any more .
we try not to because you might have to pay quite a heavy fine .
have you got any better ?
okay , i'll take one .
that's the best there is .
that'll be $ 200 , sir .
good morning , sir . sorry to disturb you . may i make up the room now ?
no problem , sir . everything will be ready when you come back .
yes , please . we're on our way out , so we put the ' make up ' sign on . could you bring us some towels and hangers ?
what are the factors that have great impact on the perspective of this corporation ?
what are the internal factors that influence the company ?
external factors . i think the main external factors are political , economic , social and technological factors .
the internal factors are composed of human resources , team spirit , innovation spirit and coordination between different departments , etc .
i don ' t want you to be worried , but our son has some bad habits now . he says painful words everyday .
he says kick mommy , beat mommy , don ' t want mommy , very quickly if i do something that he doesn ' t like . you know , if i wash his face or change his clothes , things like that .
yes , but sometimes he is just not reasonable .
it ' s easy to say , but i will try .
i know my parents sometimes threaten to punish him . but this doesn ' t work , instead he picks up another bad habit .
what words ? can you tell me ?
honey , i don ' t know what to tell you . of course tony is a young child . but do not underestimate his ability to learn and reason .
i suggest you treat him with patience , affection , and respect . if he needs to do something , like go to bed , or be washed , etc . , please guide or help him to get it done , but lead him with gentleness .
motivate tony to cooperate by rewarding his good behavior . do not emphasize punishment for bad moods , etc . do not threaten him with punishment if he resists the actions you desire .
how can i help you ?
do you have an appointment ?
i wonder if mr . smith forgot your meeting . i am afraid he left this office this morning and is not expected back until after 4 pm . let me find out if he made arrangements for someone else to meet with you in his place . will you please have a seat ?
yes , mr . mason , i just checked with our office manager , ms . terry , she said mr . smith briefed her on your project . she is just finishing up a meeting now . she could be with your shortly . would you like me to show you around while you are waiting ?
right this way , mr . mason . we can start with our front office . when ms . terry is ready , you may take the elevator at the front to the 6th floor . there is a conference room already prepared
yes , i am james mason from anderson and associates . i would like to see mr . smith .
yes , he knows i'm coming . our meeting is set for 2 o'clock .
sure .
that would be very nice . thank you .
did you watch the oscars on sunday night ?
yes , that was surprising . i heard that they got into a fight and then decided not to go .
they're also one of the richest couples . they have so many money and they can buy almost anything they want .
did either one of them win an oscar this year ?
tom cruise may be handsome , but i think he's a bit crazy , don't you ?
i still think that they only got married to get more publicity for their movies and themselves .
i would never want to be a celebrity because the paparazzi would also be after you .
thank goodness we're not rich and famous !
no , but i heard about that angelina jolie and brad pitt didn't attend .
they must be the most famous celebrity couple in hollywood .
i also heard that tom cruise and katie holmes made an appearance at the oscars .
i think tom might have been nominated for one of his films , but i don't think he won anything .
yes , his marriage to katie is actually quite scandalous .
people in show biz can have such an easy life ; i don't know why they have to make it so complicated .
that's true . i guess it would be difficult to have people taking pictures of you everywhere you go .
being famous , i can do without , but i wouldn't mind being rich .
next , please .
yes , the rate for cash purchases is listed on the electronica screen , so you have seen the rate of exchange .
how much do you like to exchange ?
in what denominations ?
right , i will exchange for you now . please sign the exchange form giving the name and telephone .
ok , wait for a moment . well , i am sorry , but we are not authorized to exchange coins because it is low and we do not have enough foreign coins . in this case , you'd better change 2,000 $ to swiss francs .
please sign the memo on the bottom and keep your money and memo .
could i purchase euro with rib here ? i have to stay here for months .
yes , i have known of it .
20,000 rib .
it doesn't matter , but leave me some small changes , that will be convenient in daily life .
well , could you change them too ? the dollars , i want to change them into swiss francs .
it doesn't matter .
thanks a lot . good-bye .
why are you holding me in this jail cell ?
we'd like to hear your account of the events of last night .
i have to go up to london for a couple of days next week . would you like to come ?
well , i prefer to go on the train , but i suppose you want me to take the car .
and i've got to drive . you know i'm not fond of that . i found it much more relaxing to sit in the train .
but very much quicker . but i know we'll never agree on this subject . you prefer the car . i prefer the train .
that would be nice . how are you getting there ?
oh , i much prefer to go by car , then we don't need to get to the station with our luggage and ...
which is more expensive ?
now , have you ever thought of going by express bus ?
i want to take a look at that home with the open house flags out front .
yes , that is one of the houses that we have on our list .
i am going to go sign my name in the registry to let the listing agent know that we were here .
i really appreciate that the listing agent provided water on such a hot day .
is the current asking price listed on the flyer ?
what a wonderful neighborhood ! can you find that house on our open house list ?
they always make the front yards look so great for open houses . let ' s see what the inside looks like .
signing the registry is a good idea . i think i want to see the kitchen next .
i need to pick up a flyer with the information about the house on it .
the asking price has recently gone down to two hundred and twenty-five thousand dollars .
hello . this is mrs . wilson . i'd like to buy a new car . could you offer me a new type of the car , please ?
a new car . and i've got a small family , two children , and i haven't got a lot of money and ...
isn't this the car store ?
oh , sorry . do you know the number for a car store , then ?
i'm sorry to have bothered you .
oh , madam , buy what ?
oh , oh , madam , madam , i'm afraid you have the wrong number .
no . it's mike's sporting goods .
no . i don't . i suggest you look in the phone book .
no problem .
how about going to the cinema tonight ?
i am not sure about the name of the film , but i know it's a romantic one .
don't you think it's too bloody ?
that's great . what's on tonight ?
romantic ? i am afraid i like thrillers better .
on the contrary , very exciting .
hello , i scheduled an appointment with dr . smith , and i can ' t make it on that day .
my appointment was on monday .
it was for 10
i would prefer next thursday .
i want to come in at 2
what day was your appointment on ?
what time had you chosen ?
i am looking at your appointment right now . what day would you prefer ?
what time would be best for you ?
i am writing you down for that time . we look forward to seeing you .
office supplies , inc . robert speaking , may i help you ?
yes , ms . reese . i remember , you spoke with me . is there a problem ?
hi , robert . this is janet reese calling from american advertising . we placed an order with you about a week ago .
well , it still hasn ' t gotten here , and my boss is pretty angry about it .
ms anderson , my name is mike . i am division chief of abc company . welcome to toronto .
a pleasure meeting you as well , the flowers are for you .
thank you . it's a pleasure to meet you .
thank you , they are beautiful .
i am really interested in buying this television .
how much are you selling it for ?
you can't be serious .
that's too expensive for me .
you can't go down on the price .
i'll buy it for $ 2000 .
that's so great !
this t . v is only $ 2500 .
that's how much this t . v costs .
this television is of very high quality .
by how much ?
i'm sorry , but the price is final .
did you pack this bag yourself ? has it been out of your possession at any time before checking-in ?
are you bringing in any plants or animal products ?
our sniffer dog seems to disagree . do you mind if we look in your suitcase ?
what ' s this sir ?
what are these red things sir ?
i ' m sorry sir , but you can ' t take any of this into the country . we will also have to check your carry-on . please step this way . don ' t ' be nervous ; we ' ll just look through it briefly and then
yes , i packed it myself , and it hasn ' t been out of my possession .
no .
not at all . go right ahead .
it ' s traditional chinese medicine . i mix it with hot water like tea . sorry . i forgot about it .
oh no ! i forgot about those too ! those are chinese sausages for my aunt lily .
hello . is bob there , please ?
oh . this is paul . when will he be back ?
can i leave a message please ?
please tell him i'll call him at the office tomorrow afternoon .
thank you very much .
hold on a second please . i'm sorry . he has gone out .
he will be back at about seven o'clock .
yes , certainly .
all right . i'll tell him when he comes back .
hey , son , are you insured ?
i took out a life insurance policy and made your mother the beneficiary .
i am a fireman and it is a dangerous job . i have to consider your mother's life .
you have children now . what if something , god forbid , happens to you ?
a $ 100 000 policy shouldn't be too expensive . here , call my agent . he'll give you a good deal .
not yet , but i'm thinking of it . have you bought one , dad ?
can you tell me why you want to buy it ?
oh , i see . do you advise me to buy one ?
that's true . well , how much do you think i should get ?
excuse me , mr . emory ? mr . macmillan , would like to know if you have the completed schedule for next week ?
thank you , sir . sorry to trouble you .
yes , i do , susan . just a moment . here it is .
not at all , susan . just tell him to leave it with my secretary when he ' s finished with it
where are you going , jane ?
i saw her yesterday . she was a little better .
no , you needn't . a number 13 bus will also take you to the hospital .
yes . i caught a number 7 bus yesterday , and they said i had taken a wrong bus .
but number 13 buses leave from the center of town . you ' ll have to walk two miles to catch one .
i'm going to the hospital to see susan .
must i catch a number 7 bus to get there ?
number 13 buses run much more frequently , don't they ?
thank you , henry . i'll get a number 13 .
good morning , passport , please .
ah , thank you . please bring your luggage here for inspection .
it's just a regular inspection . do you have anything to declare ?
well , the cigarettes and the champagne are not in excess of the duty-free allowance . but according to our law , each passenger is allowed only one camera duty-free . you ' ll have to pay duty for the other one .
please wait a minute . i'll make out the duty memo ... here you are . take this and pay to the woman over there .
very well . i hope you ' ll enjoy your stay in america .
here you are .
ok . but is there anything wrong ?
i've got 6 packets of cigarettes and 2 bottles of champagne . besides , i have two cameras , one is for my own use , and the other is a gift .
ok . where shall i pay duty for it ?
i've paid for it . here's the receipt .
thank you .
hello , nancy , nice to see you .
yes , i ' m satisfied with this job .
pay more attention to the external expressions , because they are important for the first impression . good manner and style of conversation can let other feel your good self-cultivation . good gestures and mien can let other feel very comfortable .
don ' t worry about that . you just pay more attention to the details of people ' s action in life , and you will know how to transfer information by their body language .
nice to see you , too . i heard you are a staff of nokia company .
congratulations . what did you do during the interview ?
how can i have the good external expressions ?
stupid girl , making me spend so much money , now i have to get it from the atm ...
i know where to put my card ! stupid machine , talking to me like i ' m an idiot ...
yeah , yeah , i know what i selected . just gimme my money !
no , no ! stupid machine , what are you doing ! no !
no , no way ! what happened ? give me my money !
hello , welcome to universal bank . please insert your card into the slot .
please input your 6 digit pin code followed by the pound key . thank you . please select an option . thank you . you have selected withdrawal .
please type the amount you would like to withdraw . thank you , you want to transfer 10000 usd to the world wildlife foundation . if this is correct please press 1 .
confirmed . thank you for using our bank ! please remove your card from the slot . goodbye !
danger , danger ! the exits have been sealed and the doors will remain locked in until the local authorities arrive . thank you for using our bank . have a nice day .
joe , how are you doing ?
i am doing great ! thank you for asking , joe .
i need to stay home tonight and finish my term paper .
what were you planning on seeing ?
how about " the secret life of bees " ?
i am great ! how about you , mary ? how are you ?
i was wondering if you want to go see a movie with me tonight ?
ok . what about going to the movies on friday night ?
i was thinking about seeing that one about the rapist serial killer .
that's a chick flick !
what do you think we need to do to get our new branch office running well ?
that ' s very important . a friend recommended a good law firm to me . we ' ll need someone to hire staff .
yes . we have . we chose the location in the northeast of the city , not too far from the airport and on the edge of the cbd .
the offices there were too expensive . have we negotiated any contracts yet ?
when will the branch office open ?
has and advertising campaign been prepared ?
i made plenty of business contract on my last visit and through the embassy . we should be able to get plenty of customers .
first , i'd make sure that we have a good , local , corporate lawyer . he or she will know all the local laws and regulations .
i think that we should send one of our hr people to do that . i don ' t think we should use an agency , because they won ' t be familiar with the type of people we employ . have we decide on the location of
why didn ' t we choose an office in the cbd ?
yes . we ' ve signed two contracts with companies that we already do work for in other countries . we hope to sign another three this month .
hopefully next month . everything is a little rushed . we should be able to set up our branch office and expand our business quickly .
yes , it has . we ' re going to target the business community through business magazines .
good afternoon . what can i do for you ?
may i have your key please ?
here is your valuable . is that right ?
i want to pick up my valuables .
sure . here you are .
yes , thank you .
did you know that abortion is still illegal in many states in the usa ?
well , for many religious people , they believe that people who abort their babies are murderers .
no , i think it's mostly the older generation who are against abortions .
religious people blame it on pre-marital sex , not on abortion being illegal .
i personally would never want to have one , but i think that since a pregnancy can affect a woman's entire life , she should have the right to decide for herself .
i know this is going to sound sexist , but i don't think that men should have to give their approval to the mothers of their children .
that may be true , but when a woman gets pregnant , it changes her life completely . men can still carry on with their lives after the birth exactly as they did beforehand .
why ? i thought americans were supposed to be more open than that .
do you think most people in america believe that abortion is wrong ?
it's no wonder there are so many teenage pregnancies in america .
what do you think about abortion ?
do you think the fathers should have some kind of say in the matter ?
why not ? it's their children , too .
that might be true , but i think men should have some kind of say in the matter .
come to think of it , you should get out your english books and catch up on your reading assignments .
then review for your test . you'll do even better . and maybe reading will help you get to sleep .
you say that now , lily , but you'll thank me later . i'm your mom , and mother knows best .
but i don't have any reading assignments .
aw , mom-you're such a drag .
i'm just calling to see if you have made any decision about the position .
do you have any idea when you might arrive at a decision ?
i'm willing to wait until you have come to a decision .
sorry , we haven't made the decision at all .
we will let you know probably next monday . i hope to give you a positive reply .
how did you find your apartment ?
what if i need a roommate ?
how much do apartments cost around here ?
i just need a one-bedroom apartment .
would you come with me to look at apartments ?
you can check on the bulletin boards at school for local housing .
there are websites that can hook you up with a roommate .
it depends on what you want . do you want a one - or two-bedroom apartment ?
that will probably cost you around twelve hundred dollars a month .
i would be happy to look at apartments with you .
have you heard what happened ?
deborah already had her baby .
i thought you knew .
the baby was 8 pounds 6 ounces .
will you go and visit them ?
i just wanted to give you the good news .
heard what ?
i didn't know that .
i honestly didn't know .
that's good to hear .
of course i will .
thanks for letting me know .
how silly of you to jump out of the window !
why not use staircases ? the terror was not so violent at that time .
maybe the situation is too urgent .
but that was the first thing that came into my mind when i heard the shout earthquake !
that would be too late .
yes , i think i should have jumped in any case .
i need to stop eating such unhealthy foods .
what foods do you eat now ?
those are the only things you eat ?
why aren't you eating anything else ?
and the chicken ?
i guess that does sound a lot healthier .
i know what you mean . i've started eating better myself .
i tend to stick to fruits , vegetables , and chicken .
that's basically what i eat .
well , fruits and vegetables are very healthy .
it's really healthy to eat when you bake it .
good morning ! i am a new comer in our office .
nice to meet you ! my name is grace williams .
today is my first day at work !
thank you . it's very kind of you .
good morning ! welcome to our office !
nice to meet you too ! i am peter smith .
well , hope you will enjoy your first day ! just ask me if you need any help .
you are welcome .
do you have experience in advertising ?
what were you mean duties there ?
what qualities do you think an advertising planner should have ?
what was the most important thing you have learned at work ?
yes , i used to have a part-time job in advertising company .
i mostly did advertising planning .
i think an advertising planner should have active thoughts , creative talent , and be sensitive to the changes in the market .
the most important thing i learned was that i must continuously improve my abilities . advertising is a constantly evolving trade and creativity is an important fact to success . if i want to make in marking in advertising industry , i can ' t stop studying and creating .
the air conditioning is not working ! we need to call a handyman before we start to fry in here !
that would be convenient . they might as well ask him to fix the electrical wiring . the circuit breakers keep going out all the time . it ' s really annoying !
i know ! i was in ankle deep water trying to get to my car that day ! the handyman definitely has his work cut out for him .
dan is on top of that . i think they are also getting the handyman to fix the bathroom toilet that keeps clogging up .
yeah you are right . this office is falling apart ! frank told me the other day that the gutters outside were clogged and that ' s why the parking lot was flooded .
do you have anything to do after this ?
shall we drop in somewhere for a couple of drinks ?
i know a very interesting place .
no , i don't .
that sounds like a good idea .
oh , do you ? good .
oh , hi , jessica , are you going to see this movie too ?
then let's go in .
i'll say the movie's starting in the minute .
looks like he won't show up . he's done this before , hasn't he ?
what's he trying to pull anyway .
maybe you should start seeing someone else .
i'd love to , the movies are smash hit .
i can't . i'm waiting for paul , but he's late .
i know . i wonder what's keeping him .
yeah , a number of times .
i don't know . but this is definitely the last straw .
you said it . ok , let's go in , sandy .
i can't believe how hot it is .
that means it will get hotter .
turn on the air conditioner .
what happened ?
did you call the repairman ?
when is he coming ?
it's not even noon yet .
i am dying from the heat .
it doesn't work .
i don't know .
of course .
he's busy . he said next week .
please help yourself to whatever you like , don't be shy .
this dish taste terrific . would you like to try a little ? it is a little hot , but very good .
would you like another beer ?
come on , it's the weekend . let's taste and enjoy this meal . cheers !
yes , thank you . i've already been helping myself .
i like hot food , especially sichuan cuisine .
i'll have another cup of beer insist . i know i don't like to drink alone , especially there are someone sitting there next to me .
bottom's up , and you're right . this meal is incredible . i wish i had known this restaurant before . thanks for bringing me here . i know i'll be back agile soon .
i have a complaint to make . the bill you sent me was incorrect . what's more , it isn't the first time
don't you think it's about time you got them working properly ?
well , i must apologize , madam . we have new computers here , you know .
i agree entirely . i assure you it won't happen again .
what's the weather forecast for today ?
any rain ?
i wouldn't either . it's been looking like rain for several days .
cloudy in the morning , overcast in the afternoon .
no , but i wouldn't be surprised if it rained tomorrow .
oh , linda , you must be so excited about going to study in america .
well , i'm sure you will .
what's the matter
oh , yes , i am . i have always wanted to go to the states . i love meeting new people . and making new friends .
well , there's one thing .
i'm a little worried about my host family . you know , in the agreement i have to do some cooking for them .
what are the most popular sports in your country ?
jogging and bowling . do you know how to practise bungfu ?
is it easy to learn ?
thank you . i can teach you how to bowl .
swimming in summer and skating in winter . what ' s your favorite sport ?
no i don't but l do taijiquan or shadow boxing . people everywhere in china usually do taijiquan early in the morning . it can help people keep fit . it has a history of over three hundred years .
yes . it is i can teach you if you like .
right . let's help each other .
when was america discovered , tony ?
america was discovered by christopher columbus in 1492 .
all right . ask me a question now .
that's easy . it was invented by edison .
i can't answer that . but i think mars will be visited by men before theed of this century .
all right . what is the nearest planet to the sun ?
i'm not certain . do you know ?
in a way that's right . but the vikings travelled there long beforecolumbus . and what about the red indians ?
who invented the electric light bulb ?
correct . now for a harder question . who will be the first men on mars ?
ask me a question now .
that's easy . it's .. er . venus . no . pluto . no . wait a minute . it's anthe tip of my tongue . oh dear , what is the nearest planet to the sun ?
check out these wheels !
no , i borrowed it .
you guessed right . besides , the color violet is a little girly for me .
you bought a compact car ?
let me guess , from sarah . it looks like something she would drive .
i love it . it's so festive ! and where did you get that cup ? it's got the same logo .
we quarreled yesterday , and he picked up and left .
i am not sure .
terrible ! does he want to divorce ?
don ' t lose your reason . go to find him and talk with him .
whew ! i had to wait for almost an hour to get to the front of the line .
wow ! your calligraphy is very beautiful . it was worth the wait !
what does it say ?
that's very nice . is it for sale ?
really ? then what do you do with it ?
wow ! really ? are you sure ? now i'll have a lucky year !
you have much patience .
thank you . today i'm writing a kind of poem called a chinese couplet .
this is an especially famous one . it says " may the passing days bring you health and longevity . may this season of renewal find you basked in riches . "
no . i never sell my artwork .
i give it away . here , this one is for you .
remember , real luck must be created ( by ) yourself , and then it cannot be given or taken away ...
i often recalled the days when tom and i were madly in love .
yeah . he always tickled my finny bone with his college stories .
definitely not . the most important thing was we loved each other .
very romantic ?
you married him for that reason ?
it seldom rains this summer .
because of pollution and other things , our environment has become worse and worse .
it is serious .
yeah , some places are very short of water .
you see , this time i traveled to the west . when i looked out of the windows of the rain , all the lands that i could see are as dry as a bone .
i'm looking forward to summer vacation .
me too .
my granny is such a kind-hearted person . she is willing to help .
you can say that again .
she does have a heart of gold .
look at this newspaper article about this famous local medium . it says that she is really gifted and so popular now , that she is booked solid with appointments for the next twelve months !
well , i have had many friends that went to a psychic and got their palms read and most of the things the psychic told her came true !
well , historically it is a practice that many cultures share . reading the tarot cards , in the east they would even read tea leaves ! i even heard that there are people that make you smoke a cigar , and then read your ashes .
you don't really believe in all that hocus pocus mumbo jumbo , do you ?
of course it does ! they tell you general and obvious things like that you will be successful or have a big house . i think most of the times they are just scam artists .
all superstitious nonsense ! i would still like to go to one and see what he or she has to say , just for kicks .
can i help you , sir ?
would you tell me the name of the book and the author ?
i'm sorry . it's out of stock now . could you come by again next week ?
well , then , is it convenient to leave your phone number so that i can inform you as soon as we restock it ?
you're welcome .
yes , i'd like a book about law .
uh , the origin of law . and it's written by professor felix of harvard .
next week ? it is too late . i need it urgently .
no , thanks any way .
bob !
fine , just fine . and you ?
guangzhou . i've got a cousin there .
anne ! i haven't seen you for ages . how ' ve you been ?
not bad . it really is great to see you again . where have you been ?
i am so glad i caught you at home . i need your help !
cafe au lait , cafe latte , cappuccino , cafe mocha ... i can't keep them all straight !
it's about a girl . no , an angel ! i'm going to the coffee shop where she works right now .
what's up , robert ?
slow down . what are you talking about ?
hello , is this the abc company ?
we have just arrived from tokyo only ... looking for a reserve car of your company . all of above , we cannot find it .
our reservation number is j - 221 .
you mean you haven ' t arranged any car ?
here i ' ll take taxi instead , how do you refund us ?
yes , may i help you ?
what is your reservation number ?
let me see . oh , yes , we have your reservation number .
i ' m sorry to say no .
what kind of gas does this car take ?
i will give you premium unleaded . alright ?
that is the pump you are in front of .
it is the most expensive .
yes , i can give you regular unleaded . but you have to back up the car a little .
i'm sorry , sir . this is not a full service gas station . i will help you fill the gas , but we don't wash windows here .
i don't know . it's a rental .
sure , why not ?
is it expensive ?
well , i don't want it then . can i move to another pump ?
give me regular unleaded then . i will back up . can you wash my windows for me ?
really ? well , i guess i have to get used to it .
mary , it's good to see you !
i am so glad that you decided to stop by !
mary , can i get josh or you something to drink ?
how about a little snack then ?
well then , how is your family ?
josh and i were just on our way back home from the beach and thought we'd drop by .
yes , it has been a long time since we have seen you .
oh no , thank you . we aren't all that thirsty .
no , thank you , we just ate lunch a little while ago .
everyone is doing great . my sister finally had her baby .
everything is now . i'm kind of sick of it .
oooh ! one for each of the zeros in 2000 ! wow !
so find a guy to marry and you can get one !
oh , i see . you're going to wear one and pretend you're married to try to attract guys .
each ring has 3 small diamonds inside the band .
stop making fun of me .
i don't need a guy to buy a wedding ring !
i went to the tutoring service centre on campus today . and i got a job .
they got me a part-time tutoring job , teaching an australian businessman chinese .
it's very simple actually . you can go to the service centre and have your name and job interest resisted . they will give you a call if any job comes up .
congratulation . what will you do ?
that's wonderful . i want to get a part-time job too . tell me what i should do .
good . i'll do it .
has robert ever missed coming to one of our parties ?
do you know why ?
only once or twice at the most .
i have no idea .
wow ! what a beautiful scenic spot ! it's so open . and just breathe that fresh air , you can almost taste its freshness .
wonderful ! i'll often come here for mountain climbing .
no wonder people say
i didn't know you liked bird-watching .
you can have a bird view of guiling city from the top of the mountain .
you should . many guiliners , especially the old and the young , will climb mountains here in the morning .
quick ! pass me your binoculars . look at that bird ... i've never seen one of those before . it's indigenous to guiling , and an endangered species too . this is lucky !
i don't really . i just like wildlife , and you don't get to see too much of it in the city . this place is full of it .
hide me , yi-jun ! the kids all think i'm the real easter bunny !
it's a success all right . the kids keep trying to catch me .
some game ! you try being tackled by ten kids at once !
aw , that's sweet ! i knew your costume would be a success .
yeah , i saw that . i thought you were playing a game with them .
um , holly ? look behind you . they're coming this way .
hi , bob , i am so glad that you came .
yeah . it's hard to believe that it's been ten years since graduation . it feels just yesterday we collected our diplomas .
oh , where to start ? there have been ups and downs . i'm still trying to find my place in this world . it's only recently that i've been able to start settling down . how about you ? you still with jenn
oh , that sounds wonderful . i have always known you two would make it . i hope i can keep in better contact with you guys . i don't want us to drift apart again .
sounds great ! i'll be there .
of course i'd come . i couldn't think of a better chance to see all my old friends .
how time flies . but hey , how are things going with you ?
yeah , jenny and i got married right after graduation . it was tough the first years trying to make ends meet . i was supporting us both while she continued her studies . but now things are getting better
definitely ! actually , we just moved into a new place . there's a house-warming party this saturday , if you are free ? i know jenny would love to see you again and it should be a good party .
i guess i'm just a little nervous . i'm giving everything i have to invoking , and ...
exactly .
how ?
but what about tomorrow ? what if stars . com decides to go with webtracker , and not us ?
and what if it doesn't work out , right ?
you need to quit thinking like a loser . invoking is going to kick butt . you know how i know ?
because i won't let it fail .
are you ready for the camping trip ?
hello ! we're supposed to be getting back to nature .
i've been packed for a week . all my stuff is in this backpack .
that's trail mix !
all set . i've got my makeup , my cds , and my portable tv set ...
yeah , yeah . anyway ... i'm packed . are you ?
let me see ... two books ... birdseed ?
same difference . what's this ?
it's getting late . i really have to go .
i hope so . a good journey to you !
i hope we'll get together again soon .
thank you .
i ' m fed up with marriage .
oh , no . when we were poor , we often tried our best to make ends meet . it was a hard time .
and we have some squabbles on some boring things .
why do you say so ? everyone admires that you have a good wife .
but now you are rich .
this is ordinary marriage life .
how about you and tom ? what time is your wedding ?
what ' s the matter ? so angry . i ' m just playing a joke with you .
don ' t be kidding , ok ?
because i have given him up as a bad job . our relation has been over .
margaret , do you think i should enroll in the science course ?
right , i figure since you are doing premedical , you know about the very courses .
yes , i really weak in maps , i did poorly in high school .
yes , i think so , if you want to graduated this year , you've got to take a science course .
well , i have to take biology , chemistry , maps and physics . what you need is a good introductory course for non-science majors .
that's a problem .
what are you listening to ? is that beethoven or mozart ?
i think beethoven's music is incredible . i've heard that listening to it can make you more intelligent , too . do you believe that ?
what other kind of music do you listen to ?
to be honest , i think classical music is too complicated for me .
i like pop music . do you ?
i see what you mean . i think that's way i like it so much .
i've always been into it . have you always liked classical music ?
so , how did you become interested in it ?
do you still play piano ?
it's beethoven . do you like it ?
i don't know about that , but i do think that it helps people relax .
actually , i mostly just listen classical music . what about you ?
what kind of music do you prefer then ?
not really . i don't think pop music has much depth .
how long have you been in to pop music , then ?
not really . when i was little , we didn't really listen to music at all .
well , when i was about 10 years old , i started playing the piano . i think that's how it all started .
yes , it's one of my hobbies .
hi paul . how are you , friend .
how so ?
have you talk to him about it ?
ahahah , maybe that will help you lose weight .
sorry paul . i couldn't help it . so why doesn't he give you a hand ?
well , talk to him , and let me know what happens , ok ?
not good . my cousin is driving me up the wall .
he stays up untill all hours of the night , and he never lifts a finger to help .
not yet , but i have to soon . he's eating me out of house and home . i caught him reading the fridge again last night
this is no laughing matter , nick .
he watch the tob too much . now really i don't know . but i can't handle this much longer .
you're from new york , aren't you ?
what do you suggest i should see in new york ?
no , i don't like museums . they're boring .
ah ! that sounds interesting .
yes , that's right .
well , how about the museum of modern art ?
why don't you go to see the empire state building ?
what's your favorite book ?
why do you like it best ?
well . i like the thom birds best .
sure . i like the writer's language , too .
would you like to go to the bookshop with me ?
it's gone with the wind .
i enjoy the various characters and the plot .
is it very interesting ?
if i have a chance , i'll enjoy the book .
that's a good idea . let's go !
john , my father isn't there at all . are you kidding ?
it's ... oh it's the 1st april , april fool's day .
cool , fellow , what's the date today , buddy ?
you forgot all of about it , didn't you ?
i ' m pretty sure that jim will turn out to be a good lawyer .
he knows a lot about law and he ' s eloquent , too .
how can you be so sure ?
could you tell me if you have ever taken a class from dr . miller ?
yes , but i have never taken his class before .
yes , that's what i need .
yes , i guess so .
yes , i had a teacher like that before .
no , i didn't , but that could be a good thing .
yes . are you going to be taking a class from him ?
he is very interesting and challenging . is that what you are looking for ?
he is really clear on what you need to learn to get a good grade . are you willing to study hard ?
what i really liked about him is that he was an understanding and friendly teacher . do you enjoy that in a teacher ?
did you know that he has 20 years teaching experience ?
well , take a look at everything and figure out what is best for you . good luck !
honey , what's wrong with you ?
take it easy . we are going to have our own baby . you should be happy .
the doctors and the nurses will help you . and i will be waiting for you right here , praying for you and our baby .
i'm not feeling well . i'm very nervous .
yeah , i know .
thank you , dear . i feel better now .
the weather is terrible .
i have been watching a lot of videos at home because of the constant rain .
i saw the weather report , and it's going to rain for the next eight days .
i'm getting pretty bored . we should do something despite the rain .
i haven't been to the mall in a long time . let's go there .
great . i'll stop by your place now .
yeah . it's been raining a lot these days .
have you heard when it's supposed to get better ?
that sucks so much . what are we going to do ?
i'm with you . what do you have in mind ?
that sounds good . they have a movie theatre there , so if we get bored , we can watch a movie .
ok . don't forget to bring your umbrella . the rain can start up again anytime .
come in , come in , what can i do for you ?
yes , i am applying on it .
aren't you a bit young ? i have a lot of qualified seniors to take the course and they usually have a hard time keeping up .
well , if you think you are ready , i'll let you enroll .
professor donald , are you giving your advanced geology course again next semester ?
i wonder if i could enroll in it . i know it is a graduate course and i ' m a junior , but ...
i know , but geology of the american west is my major interest and i have done a large reading in the field .
oh , thanks , professor donald . this is really very nice of you .
... so , i said , let ' s take a break . and since that night , i ' ve been waiting for him to call , but i still haven ' t heard from him . you don ' t think he ' s seeing someone else , do you ?
you think so ? oh , no ! how can he do this to me ? i ' m sure he ' s cheating on me ! why else wouldn ' t he call ?
he ' s the love of my life ! i ' ve really messed this up .
but i ... i still love him ! and it ' s all my fault ! i can ' t believe how immature and selfish i was being . i mean , he is a firefighter , it ' s not like he can just leave someone in a burning building and meet me for dinner . i ' ve totally messed this up !
no , this is not gonna happen ! i ... i ' ve ruined everything ...
come on , don ' t be so dramatic ! i ' m sure everything is going to work out just fine .
but , you two are on a break . theoretically he can do whatever he likes .
come on , hon . pull yourself together . it ' s going to be alright .
you know what , veronica , i think you should make the first step . i ' m sure he ' ll forgive you ...
do you hear something ?
what's wrong , jerry ? you look so upset .
oh , i'm sorry to hear that . you can go on a holiday to cheer you up .
come on . a trip will do you good . are you doing anything this weekend ?
well , my friends and i are planning on going to shangri-la on saturday . do you want to come with us ?
not very far from here . we'll fly . it's about one and a half hours .
there is a large canyon , vast grasslands , ancient forests and mountain lakes .
yes , the scenery there is breathtaking . i have some pictures at home . you can come over and take a look if you like .
to be honest , i was just dumped .
no , thanks . i'm not in the mood for traveling .
i was planning on doing a lot of wallowing .
where is that ?
what's there to see ?
oh , sounds nice .
ok . then i can make up my mind .
did you have any kind of punishment in your life and studies ?
what was the reason ?
yes , just once .
i once played truant when i was in college because i intended to organize a donation activity for the disaster-hit areas in sichuan .
do you want to hang out tomorrow ?
really ? wow with who ?
wait a minute , you mean you met her online ?
that is kind of weird ! what if she is a psycho or something like that ?
i guess it does seem logical . i'll have to check it out !
oh , i can't . i have a date !
this girl i've been chatting with for the past couple of months . she's really cool and she's driving over here this weekend .
yeah ! i signed up for a website called match @ . com and it is great ! you fill in all your details and preferences , like if you are a smoker or if you have any pets . then you find people that have similar characteristics and you can email them or chat .
it's the same as meeting people anywhere and dating them ! i am just tired of going to bars or being set up for dates by my friends ! i think this is a really cool alternative , especially if you are a bit shy .
well , i'm afraid i must be going now . i have no idea it was so late .
i'm afraid i can't . i have a dinner party at seven tonight . you see , i am going to england the day after tomorrow .
it has been a pleasure . goodbye .
stay for dinner with us .
well , i won't keep you then . it was very nice of you to come to see me .
goodbye . thank you again for coming .
honey , do you have a second ?
we need to talk .
i ' ve been thinking , and well , i think we need to start seeing other people .
that ' s just it , i ' m not happy anymore , tim . it ' s not you , it ' s me . i know that i can be hard to deal with , and you are a great guy ! you are the type of guy that any woman would kill for !
tim , you are too good for me . you deserve someone who can make you smile and make you happy the way that you made me happy . oh , i could say that i ' ll be all you need , but that would be a lie . i know i ' d only hurt you , i know i ' d only make you cry .
i can ' t , tim . i hope someday you can find some way to understand i ' m only doing this for you . i don ' t really wanna go but , deep in my heart i know this is the kindest thing to do .
here are your keys . i ' ll send my sister to pick up the rest of my things next week . i ' m sorry , tim . i wish you all the best , and i hope that one day we can meet again . i ' ll always love you . goodbye .
sure ! are you okay ? you seem a bit worried . what ' s on your mind ?
okay ...
what ? why ? i mean , we ' ve had our ups and downs , and we have the occasional disagreement , but we ' re happy together , aren ' t we ?
so , what are you saying ? you ' re breaking up with me because i ' m perfect ?
baby , come on . don ' t do this to me ! whatever it is , we can work it out . just give me another chance ! i know that we can get through this , but we gotta stick together ! don ' t leave me .
laura ...
oh , my god . i can't take it any more .
i am tired of doing that boring work . i just repeat doing counting everyday . it's so terrible .
you know i work with my professional knowledge not passion . sometimes i don't know what the meaning of working is ?
yes , that's in the past . maybe i need to go to my psychologist for help .
i was full of ambitions before . but now i have no aim for my career .
that sounds interesting . but i don't know how to do that .
a training course ? that must be costly .
ok , let's have a try .
what's wrong , honey ? take it easy .
me too . but i think we can do something else for a change .
but you did a good job . you always perform the best in our company .
perhaps you've just tired and you need a vacation .
maybe we should keep on studying to enrich our knowledge and make our life exciting .
how about a training course ?
but it's worth it . maybe it can get us into a good mood and also helps us learn something to use for the future .
ok .
have you seen the new james bond movie ?
yes . what did you think of it ?
yes , i liked it , too . it was exciting , but not over the top . do you know what i mean ?
oh , yes . he's brilliant . did you like the title song ?
hum , edward norton , or something like that . did you like him ?
i don't know . i think the woman was better . she provided a good love interest . lucky james bond !
oh , yes . you ?
i thought it was better than the others-i really liked it . what did you think of it ?
mmm . that's what i thought too . i really liked the car chase , and the opening credit sequence was very exciting . and i always enjoy watching pierce brosnan .
not as much as last time , actually . what's the name of the american actor who was in the supporting role ?
yes . he was excellent . they worked well together , don't you think ?
yes !
my friend jean is very beautiful .
perfect , and i like her charming eyes too .
dark blue .
what's her figure ?
what's the color of her eyes ?
where are you going ?
why not listen to music online ?
you can audition music on line , and you can audition it off line after downloading it , so you needn't pay for it .
in order to listen to music , you must have the necessary software .
certainly . realplayer is a good .
yes , but you need install it after downloading so that you can use it .
i'm going to buy a cd .
then i will have to pay quite a lot to listen to music on line , isn't it ?
i have downloaded one , but it still can't be listened .
can you recommend some to me ?
can i download it ?
i'll try it tonight .
what were you and richard talking about earlier ? it looked intense .
oh , no . i know how insensitive he can be . what has he done now ?
but , you were born and raised in california !
what a racist ! how can you stand working with the guy ?
so , what did you say when he asked you how long it took you to learn english ?
are you sure he really got the message ?
that's hilarious ! what did he say ?
i'm glad . i bet he won't make that mistake again .
yeah , richard said something to me that i didn't appreciate .
he asked me how long it took me to learn english .
yeah , but i get that sometimes . it doesn't matter how many generations my family has lived in the u . s . , we'll always be foreigners in their eyes .
you know , richard isn't such a bad guy . he made the comment out of ignorance , not malice .
i told him 28 years . and , he knows i'm 28 years old since i just celebrated my birthday last week . he was puzzled for a minute , and then he got it .
yeah , i'm pretty sure since i then asked him how long it took him to learn english .
he said , ' 36 years , ' and we both laughed about it . he apologized and now , it's all good .
could you tell me the origin of the dragon-boat festival ?
i see . did they succeed in the end ?
yes , it's a way to commemorate a great ancient romantic poet , and the race is a symbol of the attempt to save him .
of course not . he drowned .
what can i do for you today ?
do you have your library card ?
there is a wait for the computers .
you need to print your name on this list .
once a computer is available , i will let you know .
all you do is type in the number on the back of your card .
i would like to use a computer .
i sure do .
that ' s all right .
okay . now what ?
how am i supposed to log on to the computer ?
that ' s it ? thank you very much .
how are you doing , christopher ?
are you doing anything this weekend ?
are you available on sunday ?
ok , well , my friends and i are planning on going to the beach on sunday . we tend to leave around noon whenever we go anywhere , so you could still sleep in . do you want to come with us ?
it's a quiet beach just about an hour outside of the city .
we've got plenty of inflatables , but if you want to sit on a chair , you'll have to bring your own sunlounger .
do you like surfing ?
we've got a few . i can teach you how to surf on sunday . it'll be fun !
you'll just need roughly $ 10 for food and gas money . my friend is driving , so we usually all chip in a few dollars for gas money .
we'll pick you up at your place at noon . be there or be square !
to be honest , i'm really fed up with work at the moment . i need a break !
i have to work on saturday all day ! i really hate my job !
yes , that's my only day off until thursday .
that'd be fantastic ! which beach are you going to ?
what should i bring with me ?
i can just use my beach towel . i love lazing around in the sun .
i've actually never tired . do you have a surfboard ?
i can't wait ! it sounds like we're going to have a great time . how much money should i bring ?
ok , where and when should i meet you ?
i'm not really accustomed to the style of the new boss .
it'll take us all some time to get used to the change .
i give up ! i simply can't learn french !
no , i'm not . i try and try and i still can't speak it very well .
good idea . that might help .
why do you say that ? i think you're making a lot of progress .
learning any language takes a lot of effort . but don't give up . why don't we practise those dialogues together ?
he said i have a big nose . i wonder what that means .
does he mean i am inquisitive or i ' m noisy ?
you are interested in other people ' s business , aren ' t you ?
yes .
excuse me , i'd like to ask you a few questions about the city .
my wife wants to take the children to go shopping , where is the best place to go ?
thank you . also , we'd like to do some sightseeing while we're in town . can you recommend some local attractions ?
i have a 10 - year-old boy and a 6 - year-old girl .
it sounds marvelous . thank you for your help .
ok , please .
i would recommend the mall , it's about 20 minutes , drive to the south in a taxi . it has a wide range of shops and restaurants .
how old are your children ?
i would recommend a day at the zoo . it's fun for all the family . there is also a water park just outside the city if you would like a day trip .
boy , it looks like everyone in your family is here , from young to old .
and after church they come here for lunch ?
yeah , what's up with that ?
easter's a good day for reunions . the family goes to church together .
yup , a big potluck buffet . and then-notice there are no children around ?
the kids wait in the house while the grownups hide these . hide away , yi-jun !
hi ! i'm happy you could make it .
what can i get you ?
well , i've been looking forward to seeing you .
i'd love a gin and tonic .
could you please help me to check out the book ?
i can't remember that clearly . it probably be charles ...
no , no , no . i'm not interested in literature .
oh , sorry . i'm always absent-minded . i remember that i've put a note in my pocket .
i can't find it now .
let me see . it's not fiction . it's biography .
thanks .
sure , what's the author's name , please .
charles dickens ?
ok , do you know the title of the book ?
so , show me the note please .
oh , such bad luck , sir . can you please name the category of the book ?
ok , i'll search it for you . a moment , please .
how do you decide what grade we get ?
what is the most important factor ?
how can we keep track of our grades ?
what if we can't get to school ?
if we have a major problem , will you let us know ?
i look at many things , attendance , quizzes , and tests .
obviously i look for improvement as we go along , but i would like you to do your best from the beginning .
the final and midterm are 40 percent of your grade ; homework , attendance , and quizzes total 60 percent .
you can only miss one class without penalty .
i will be letting you know during the year if you have a major problem .
we're thinking about going to america .
there is that .
have you thought about the cost ?
i believe it'll be very expensive .
may i help you with something ?
i ' ll take them .
these books were due two weeks ago .
you will need to pay late fees on these books .
the fee is 25 cents every day .
and that ' s for each book that is late .
i would like to return some books .
here you go .
yeah . i totally forgot they were due .
how much are the late fees ?
i have to pay 25 cents a day ?
that shouldn ' t be a problem .
this is such a beautiful day ! great for sailing !
why are you doggy-paddling ? i taught you how to swim ! do your breast stroke !
try kicking your legs more . that ' s good . don ' t go out too far !
kathy ! get back here ! i see a shark !
it ' s right under you ! kathy ! ! !
it sure is ! the water looks so nice ! anchor the boat for a little while . i ' m going to take a dip .
i get too tired ! i ' ll just backstroke , it ' s easier !
it ' s fine . jump in !
ahahah ! ! ! help me ! help ! bring the boat closer ! the shark is coming straight towards me !
what was your wedding ceremony like , abigail ?
three parties ? that's quite a lot . that must have been expensive !
were your parents upset that they weren't there to see you get married ?
did your husband's family get to meet your family ?
that makes sense . did you go on a honeymoon ?
you really didn't have a very traditional wedding , did you ?
my husband and i got married in a registry office with just two friends there as witnesses . but then we had three parties to celebrate .
well , since my husband and i are from two different countries , and we live in a third country , we decided to have one in each country . it wasn't actually that expensive .
i would have liked them to be there , but they couldn ' t afford to fly out to see us , and we couldn't afford to fly out to see them , so they understood .
my husband's parents flew out to meet my family when we got married in my hometown , so that was great . some people spend ridiculous amounts of money on extravagant wedding receptions , but we agreed t
we waited until our one-year anniversary to go on our honeymoon to africa .
not at all , but we don ' t have a very traditional marriage either , so it suited us perfectly !
oh , hi , jessica , are you going to see this movie too ?
then let's go in .
i'll say the movie's starting in the minute .
looks like he won't show up . he's done this before , hasn't he ?
what's he trying to pull anyway .
maybe you should start seeing someone else .
i'd love to , the movies are smash hit .
i can't . i'm waiting for paul , but he's late .
i know . i wonder what's keeping him .
yeah , a number of times .
i don't know . but this is definitely the last straw .
you said it . ok , let's go in , sandy .
so , you ' re applying for a b2 visa , where is your final destination and what ' s the purpose of your trip to the united states ?
and how long do you you plan to remain in the united states ?
and , who is sponsoring your trip ?
alright , tell me about the ties you have to your home country .
and what evidence do you have that you are financially independent ?
i ' m sorry , sir , we cannot grant you a b2 visa at this time , instead , you are granted a resident visa ! congratulations , you are the millionth person to apply for a visa ! you win ! congratulations !
i ' m going to visit my brother . he ' s just had a baby . he lives in minneapolis .
i ' ll be here for approximately three weeks . see , here ' s my return ticket for the twenty-sixth of march .
my brother , here , this is an invitation letter from him . i will stay with him and his family in their home .
well , i own a house . actually , i ' m leaving my dog there with my neighbors . i have a car at home , and oh , my job ! i ' m employed by tornal as an engineer . actually , i only have three weeks ' vacation , so i have to go back to work at the end of march .
well , i do have assets in my country . like i said , i own a house , and see , here ' s a bank statement showing my investments , and my bank balance .
good afternoon , madam . how can i help you ?
oh , that's good news for us .
first of all , we'll design a custom-made work-out plan according to your habits .
well , we give each of our customers a personal trainer who is qualified . and he will give you a fitness assessment and then come up with the work-out plan for your needs .
since everyone is different , your personal trainer will find you a suitable type of exercise equipment and teach you all the techniques to help you achieve your fitness level and goal .
that depends . we offer membership for one month , half a year and one year .
wise decision . you'll find it's totally worth it .
well , i am a bit out of shape . i'm thinking about getting some exercises to keep fit .
so what do you provide ?
how can you get that done ?
what else ?
sounds pretty good . what about the charge ?
maybe one month . just have a try first . not too tough at the beginning .
do you watch a lot of tv ?
not me . i have to have my tv and watch whatever comes on .
not really . i could take it or leave it .
how can you do that ?
hi . what's your name ?
my name is jessica . it's nice to meet you .
no . i'm a sophomore . i take it you are a new student ?
have fun while it lasts . the excitement wears off real quick . especially after you see how much homework you get . where are you from ?
i have never been to korea . i've been to japan before , but never korea .
my father thought it would be a good experience to take a vacation to a different country . he's so into learning about different cultures .
i thought it would have been more fun if i went without my parents .
thanks for the offer . i'll keep that in mind . oh , the professor is coming . we'll talk more after class .
my name is jung min . what's your name ?
yes . it's nice to meet you too . are you a new student too ?
yeah . it's pretty exciting to be here .
i'm from korea . my parents wanted me to go to an american university , so i came here .
why were you in japan ?
that's pretty cool .
well , if you ever want to visit korea , i would be happy to show you around .
ok .
guess who i saw just now ?
john smith , the escaped criminal .
i think i must report to the cops .
who ?
that bad egg , who took the low road since he was a boy .
ok .
what do you think of this one ?
and this one ? too flashy ?
hug ! and this sweater from my aunt ? isn ' t it hideous ?
are you even listening ? i ' m trying to have a conversation with you .
well i have to decide which gifts to keep and which to exchange for better ones when i go to the boxing day sales this afternoon !
oh , your precious game . you watch the same game every year , and each year your beloved hometown team loses by at least three goals !
i might just ! enjoy your stupid game !
eh , so so .
nah , not too flashy .
i guess .
and i ' m trying to watch the game , but you ' re yapping on about your new clothes !
well could you do me the favor of making this quick ? it ' s the third quarter and you ' ve been blabbering on since the first !
oh no you didn ' t . you didn ' t just insult the sals-bury seals , did you ? why don ' t you just . just go and return all of those stupid clothes and not come back until the sales are over ?
hello . nice to see you again . i heard you went into hospital for a few days to undergo surgery . i hope everything ' s ok .
i really dislike going to a doctor or to a hospital .
it must have really hurt afterwards .
i bet you were ready for a thick juicy steak when you got out of hospital .
is there any pain now ?
did they take good care of you in the hospital ?
yes , fine . i had something wrong with my stomach . i won ' t go into detail , but it wasn ' t serious .
i think most people are a little nervous about it . i was really very , very nervous just before i had the operation , but the anaesthetist gave me an anaesthetic and the next thing i remember was waking up after the operation .
well , the nurse game me plenty of painkillers , but it did feel uncomfortable . i wasn ' t permitted to eat anything for 48 hours . that was the worse thing .
i certainly was ! however , the doctor gave me a list of food i couldn ' t eat for another 72 hours , and steak was on the list !
no , not at all . i stopped taking painkillers after a couple of days .
oh , yes . the nurse were very kind , though they were strict about what i could drink . in the end , i just drank water and nothing else . everyone was very professional and i actually enjoyed some aspects of my stay .
how was the party ?
i had a fantastic time .
hi , monica , how is everything going ?
why ? you ' re not satisfied anymore ?
that is important . doing research on a company you are interested in will definitely help your application .
ok , good luck to you .
everything goes well , but i am thinking about quitting my current job .
i just sense . but i cannot grow anymore . my boss is not really supporting me . i am interested in some positions in other jv companies , but i need to do some more in-depth research before i send my application letters out .
certainly , it is very nice talking with you . but i really have to go now . catch you later .
henry married rose only after her father's money , didn't he ?
but he seems to be very happy with rose .
yeah . but he soon feel regretted for it .
he is more nice than wise .
hello , is that cathy speaking ?
yes , how are you doing ?
say i've got two tickets for the concert this evening . would you like to come with me ?
then i ' ll pick you up at six thirty . ok ?
see you .
yes , is that you , allen ?
not bad .
sure . thank you very much .
ok , see you .
the weather has been terrible this week .
let's hope it clears up .
yeah , i'm worried . if it's like this tomorrow , our big outdoor party will have to be canceled .
is that pesky lady coming to the office again ?
if there's one thing that bugs me , it's her critical attitude .
yeah , i'm afraid so .
yes , it is annoying .
hi , mr . smith . what's new ?
what's the matter ?
go ahead . it's nothing serious . we are good friends , aren't we ?
nothing particular . but , ...
i , i don't know how to explain it to you .
yes , of course . but i'm afraid i can't tell you .
how do you do ?
it ' s nice to meet you , mr . stevens .
thank you .
how do you do ? nice to meet you , ms . smith . i ' m jack stevens from the marketing department . here is my card .
please call me jack . have a seat , please .
thanks for your hospitality .
you're welcome .
i'm terribly sorry to have caused you so much trouble .
that's all right .
hey , what's new ?
ok , wait a minute ... let's see . i'm a taurus , and it says , mars is in the third house , and is soon to eclipse venus . i don't know what that means , but then it says , your charm and drive will win others over to your way of thinking . remember to be positive . sounds good to me .
since mercury has crossed paths with jupiter , your fortunes are falling . bad luck will follow you today , and you will lose that which you value . be careful .
but we have a date tonight ! you can't stay at home because of a stupid horoscope .
not much . just sitting here eating some chinese food . is that the paper ? why don't you open it and tell me my horoscope ?
what about gemini ? what's the prediction ?
that sounds bad ! i'm really worried , what should i do ? maybe i should go home and stay in the rest of the day .
lily , can you take part in our picnic this weekend ?
i think we can go to the river , go around and have supper .
nothing . just wear comfortable clothes and good shoes for walking . we'll bring everything .
that sounds great . where are you going ?
what should i bring ?
what do you think of doctor thomson ?
how can you be so sure ?
never believe his words .
i feel confident of his ability to cure my daughter's disease .
i can tell form the way he spoke to us .
should we ask jason to play ? he's always watching movies on hbo .
oh , come on ! the game is better with three people . anyway , if we don't ask him to play , he'll be mad .
i guess we should invite him . i just hope he doesn't start talking about sylvester stallone and arnold schwarzenegger again .
yeah , you're right . we'll never hear the end of it .
what do you think about violence in movies ?
but kids like watching things like that . it's just for fun , would't you say ?
personally , i'm not for it . i feel it's bad for kids to watch .
if you ask me , i have to disagree . something shouldn't be watched for fun .
are you free tomorrow night ?
shall we have dinner together ?
yes , i do . i know a place that has excellent food .
yes , i am .
do you have a special restaurant in mind ?
ok . i'll be happy to join you .
if only our company prescribe flex time .
good news . ah , what if be even better if alternative work place is provided .
the board has been considering introducing flex time .
then our entire job could be done by telecommuting .
brian , do you know how to speak english ?
where did you learn ?
you speak really well .
how long have you been in the u . s . ?
is your wife with you ?
have you been to california before ?
have you ever been to las vegas ?
yes .
i learned in college .
thank you .
3 weeks .
yes , she just got here yesterday .
no . i've never been there .
yes . i went there once on a business trip .
how are the children doing at sport ?
he ' s not very good at the long jump though , is he ?
two meters ? that means that the high jump bar is above his head ! are any of them good at long-distance running ?
how are they at swimming ?
kate is very good at diving from a height of 10 meters .
i think that these kinds haven ' t learnt to be afraid yet . she started diving from a lower height , but she soon wanted to go higher .
i ' m very pleased with their performances . timmy can cover the 100 meters in 12 seconds . that ' s very fast for a kid his age .
he ' s not bad . he can jump a distance of over four meters . i think he just prefers running to jumping . jimmy ' s very good at the high jump . he can jump over two meters . again , that ' s fine for someone his age .
the longest race we run is the 1500 meters . a few of the boys and one girls can do it in less than five minutes .
they ' re ok . i ask them to swim 500 meters each day . that ' s 20 lengths of the swimming pool . they ' re not very fast , but that ' s ok . i just want them to build their strength up and keep in shape .
i ' d be afraid to jump from that height !
it seems that they really enjoy trying to go faster , higher and further .
hi , mary . i haven't seen you in ages ! i heard that you and daniel are getting married on august 8th , the opening day of the 2008 olympic games . is it true ?
good for you ! it sounds like you've done a lot of planning in a very short time .
is everything ready now ?
have you tried the peninsula palace beijing ? my wedding reception was held there and they did an excellent job .
it's an excellent hotel . a friend of mine had her wedding reception there and said it was perfect , though very expensive .
i guess you're right . i can help you ask other hotels . i am sure there are probably some available .
my pleasure .
yes , it is . we've been dating for over 7 years . we have decided to get married on a special day and we think august 8th , 2008 is a red-letter day .
yes , there is a lot of to be taken care of---wedding photos , wedding dress , catering , transport , hotel , etc ...
almost . the only thing that isn't ready is the hotel . as a lot of people have chosen that day to get married , it is hard to find a hotel that isn't too expensive .
yes , we called , but it is booked up . the only choice is the regent beijing but we haven't made up our minds yet .
that's why we want to have a look at other hotels . we don ' t want to spend too much on an extravagant wedding reception .
thank you .
why didn't you tell me you had a girlfriend ?
but you should have told me you were in love with her .
you know you didn't .
yes , but you might have told me before .
you can't be serious . how dare you not tell me you were going to marry her ?
oh , you men ! you're all the same .
sorry , i thought you knew .
didn't i ?
well , i'm telling you now .
i didn't think you'd be interested .
sorry , i didn't think it mattered .
professor , i've handed in my paper . did you read it ?
what about water pollution instead of pollution ?
yes . you've done a good job . but there's one thing . you should narrow down your topic .
how ' s it going ?
do you need anything ?
what can i do for you ?
did you check the periodicals ?
i ' ll show you where to find your article .
it ' s right this way .
i ' m fine . thank you .
i need you to help me .
i am looking for an article in a newspaper .
i didn ' t even bother to think of that .
i get lost in this library .
thanks a lot for your help .
how about eating out for a drink with me tonight .
no problem . let's say 6:30 p . m . at the royal restaurant , ok ?
tonight ? i'm afraid i can't . i've promised mark to go to the gym . can we make it tomorrow ?
all right . see you tomorrow night .
hi , helen ! how is it going ?
well , take it easy ! don't let it get on top of you .
why don't you take a few days off ?
i'm very busy these days . it seems i can never finish my work .
i'll try . i'm under a lot of pressure right now .
i can't . i am really behind of my work .
can you speak japanese ?
where did you learn it ?
how long have you been learning it ?
can you speak any other languages ?
yes , i can , but not very well .
at school . and i'm still learning it now .
about three years .
i'm afraid not .
good afternoon , johnson .
not bad , thanks .
good afternoon , mary . how's business ?
i'm too tired now . i've already worked for 12 hours overtime !
yes , they were supposed to , but so far nobody's turned up , and i have to do the work alone . this is the first break i've had all day .
i'm afraid i can't before i finish this project .
i will , thanks for your concern .
god ! don't you think they should get you an assistant ?
they're really running you into the ground . why don't you ask for some time off ? you could take a long weekend and have a good rest .
you'd better pay more attention to your health .
you're welcome .
it is too bad today .
my som was lost . i told him to stand rooted to the spot when i went shopping , but he ignored it .
it was the police wo helped me to do that .
what happened ?
how did you find him at last ?
it must have taught you a lesson this time .
i want to give our kitchen the works .
no . the decoration has been out-of-date . my friends have a whole kitchen now . it ' s modern .
i am not running after the fashion . i just want a very beautiful and clean kitchen .
why ? i think it ' s convenient and good .
why should we run after the fashion ?
rock music really leaves me cold . what about you ?
then tell me what's good about it .
i'm crazy about it . it makes me very excited .
it can't be expressed by words .
what's wrong with debbie today ? she seems upset about something .
i have no idea . maybe she had a fight with her husband .
look , here is a very special business card from an illustrator . every time i go through my book of business cards , i will notice it . it is an eye-catching one .
yes , it is a bold design . people will believe he can make an illustration as an impressive as a business card . it just stands out from those plain and standard ones used by government people or other big private and public organizations .
wow , fantastic . i like the font and color for his name . it is creative yet personal .
i agree . business cards are great tools for promoting personal business . it won ' t take much time to design an amazing card , but it can make a big difference among the crowd . and you ' ll always notice it from your collection . for they have outspoken colors , own design and the sizes are not always according the mainstream business card . i wish to have one like this . but for sure our company has its own corporate design which all employees have to follow .
morning , peter . nice suit ! a new one ?
maybe . several people have suggested that i get more yellow clothes . they say the color suits me because i have a fair complexion .
thank you for your compliments . it sounds like you're a clothing expert .
oh , yes . my wife bought it for me yesterday . hmm , you look nice in that yellow dress . yellow suits you really well .
that's right . you know , pink , green and black could also be good for you . actually , i think that all colors are okay for a person with your complexion . it's just that different colors can give people different impressions . for example , black could make you look mature , while pink could make you look young and energetic .
well , compared with my wife , i'm just a beginner .
did you set your clock forward for daylight savings time ?
well , at the start of the spring we usually have more daylight in the mornings and less in the afternoon . this is basically due to our position on the planet and the rotation of the earth . in any case , to take better advantage of the daylight available , we compensate by moving our clocks forward one hour .
that just stands for greenwich mean time . here in california , we are in pacific standard time , that is eight time zones west of greenwich . remember when we were in beijing ? well , then we were in china standard time , and that ' s eight time zones east of greenwich !
what ? why do we have to do that ?
i see . that ' s convenient ! i never understood things like this , such as gmt . i never know what time zone we are in or when to change my clock !
that ' s why it was so weird traveling from beijing to la ! because of the huge time difference , even though we left beijing at noon and flew for more than eight hours , we still arrived in la the same day at noon ! it ' s like we went back in time !
i would like to watch the oscars on tv tonight . how about you ?
i like watching it for the fashion . i like to see what the ladies are wearing . of course , the men nearly always just wear the traditional tuxedo .
i ' m really not sure . usually just one or two films look set to sweep the awards ceremony , but this year there are several contenders .
you might think this strange , but i like the category for best foreign language film .
yes , i ' d love to . it ' s interesting to see who is considered the best in their field and which film are thought to be particularly good .
sometimes the men wear flamboyant colours . which films do you think will win awards this year ?
you ' re right . this year should be much more exciting than usual . what ' s you favourite award category ?
it ' s nice to see foreign language films making a little impact on hollywood . i like the best actor and actress .
how many cleaning ladies does your company hire ?
most cleaning ladies are illiterate . but some of them do a very nice job .
we have two cleaning ladies . but both of them have received little education .
but i actually dislike another lady . she is more capable and seems to have ideas of her own . but the trouble is she is a backseat driver with some of us . she would tell you what to do and where to put things .
how do you celebrate national day in your country ?
what kinds of parades are there ?
we don ' t have a national day .
i guess it is . most countries have on , but we don ' t .
there are parades in many cities and people fly the national flags from almost every public building .
the parades are usually military ones , but sometimes there are procession of people carrying flags and singing patriotic songs . what do you do on national day in your country ?
really ? that ' s unusual .
actually , even though we have parades , most people just use the national day holiday to visit family or go shopping . in the evening , many people watch special tv shows which celebrate national day .
hi melissa , are you going home this weekend ?
where do your parents live ?
how about your mother ?
oh , i am sorry to hear that . is your father still working ?
do you have any family here ?
do you have any brothers or sisters ?
do you see them a lot ?
no , not this weekend . i have too much work to do .
my father lives in washington dc .
my mother died two years ago .
no , he's retired .
yes , two of my cousins live here and my aunt and uncle live about 30 miles from here .
yes , i have two brothers who live in new york and a sister who lives in boston .
not as much as i'd like to . usually just on holidays like thanksgiving and christmas .
hey , how was the show ?
really ? i heard it was supposed to be great .
not great . it's a kind of boring .
yes , me too . but i'm disappointed .
what happened , john ?
why do you look unhappy ?
oh , cheer up . he ' ll understand you .
nothing .
i ' m rather disappointed at not being able to see my best friend off .
i hope so .
you know that ? joan has got the scholarship .
but i think henry is a backroom boy . he always helps her with her study .
really ?
you're right .
hi , tina , i ' ve got good news . i have successfully passed the first two rounds of interview with abc company . they informed me to go to the final round next monday . it looks very promising .
thanks . let ' s go for a celebration this evening . are you free ?
no problem . see you !
that is awesome . congratulation ! i know you can make it .
yes . wait for me at the cafe down my office building . see 5pm , ok ?
see you !
do you like ethnic food ?
really ? have you ever tried moroccan ?
i don't know . a friend of mine said i should try it .
as a matter of fact , he gave me this address .
i do ! my favorites are mexican , thai , and indian .
i can't say that i have . what are the basic ingredients ?
do you know where a moroccan restaurant is ?
let's go there for lunch ! i'm up for an adventure !
nicole , your fettucini is very ... unique .
actually , it's better ...
no . it was the only dish she wasn't good at . so we could use you as the new head chef ...
ok , ok . get back to work . there's someone waiting for you in the kitchen ...
but not as good as your mother's , right ?
what ? are you kidding ?
oh , uncle giovanni . that's wonderful ! thank you ! thank you !
how many people are there in your family ?
is your brother older or younger than you ?
five . my father , mother , brother , sister-in-law and me .
he is five years older than me , he got married last sunday . my brother and my sister-in-law are the same age .
hello , tom . where are you heading for ?
another terror film ? there is too much terror and violence in the films . do you like seeing such a picture ?
i am going to a movie theater . you know there is a new action film produced by hollywood . a thriller , really .
i don't really like seeing bloody frames , but i appreciate the lifelike frames simulated with the highly skillful special effects .
did you go to the concert last weekend ?
yes . i did . i enjoyed it a lot . there was a folk singer , a violinist and a pianist .
i only paid two dollars for mine .
no , i didn't . and you ? was it good ?
how much was the ticket ?
mary and tom are breaking up .
mary said she couldn't put up with tom , for he fell in love with another woman .
no , i don't think so . she said she would rather be single than cope with an unhappy marriage .
it's unbelievable ! they are only married for one month . then who is at fault ?
do you think they'll become reconciled ?
what a shame ! their marriage is really a mistake .
have you ever been invited to a chinese feast ?
as far as you could see , is dining at a chinese table a distinct experience ? to what extent does it differ from that in your homeland ?
but you look quite proficient in using them now .
yes , table etiquette . there are a multitude of rules that foreigners might never know until they were told . some practices even appear somewhat awkward or rude to westerners , while they are the norm i
maybe you should have placed them horizontally over your bowl or plate . they resemble two incense sticks used at sacrifices . it's very inauspicious , and might enrage all present .
sure . beijingers are distinguished for their warmth and hospitality .
to begin with , i have to use chopsticks .
certainly . after all , i've been here for two years . it's not much uphill work for a foreigner to get used to chinese dinner utensils . though , i do feel hazy about how to behave appropriately at a ch
anything strang about that ?
oh , sorry ! there's a long story even with a mere pair of sticks .
it really makes my blood boil when this sort of thing happens . i even want to wring his neck .
i can't forget it .
don't be so angry . it's passed anyway .
you'd better cool yourself down first .
let's program your courses . since you have had english literature , you should take american literature and american prose and fiction . you transcript indicate that your english background is strong , so i don't think you have any problem with it .
three , you also should take two three-credit-course in education department .
how many credits for each course ?
thank you , sir , i'm sure i will .
i hate to go outside .
why do you hate to go outside ?
i agree .
rude people are everywhere .
you can yell at them .
yelling doesn't do any good .
me too .
i meet too many jerks .
this city is full of jerks .
but what can you do ?
and they will yell back at you .
no . the best thing to do is just stay home .
i had to announce his innocence in court today , but it left a nasty taste in my mouth .
i ' m not sure . i ' ll try to prove my feeling .
you mean you suspect him .
i hope i can do something for you .
actually i have a passion for chinese literature .
yeah , those classics from the great writers .
you do ?
but i find japanese ones better .
jack wonders whether linda likes him or not .
he is too scared to ask her .
why doesn't he ask her ?
he's a chicken guy .
good morning .
what does the paper say ?
well , what ' s the weather report ?
did they find those bank robbers ?
what about the sports page ? what were the scores of last night ' s games ?
good morning .
nothing much -- the same old stuff . a lot of bad news as usual .
sunny and mild today , cloudy and rainy tomorrow .
not yet . they were holding two men in ohio , but they let them go . they weren ' t the criminals after all .
here ' s the paper ; you can read them yourself .
i would wondering if you like to stay here for a few days .
until next weekend . that ' s ok .
it really depends on when and how long
they ' ll do the operation for you this friday .
i think it ' s important to do now . we can have a birthday party for you when you come out of the hospital .
but your health is more important . believe me !
but saturday is my birthday .
but it won ' t be on my birthday .
i hate computer games .
because they are too violent . some of them are even disgusting .
if boys grow up with computer games , they will surely become bad .
why ? they are fine .
indeed there are bad games . but many of them are good .
come on . things are not so bad . boys can learn to use the computer through games .
are you free this weekend , miss rose ?
then would you please go to a dance party with me ?
oh , no . as a matter of fact , i haven't danced for a long time .
thanks for flattering me . i think you dance a lot , right ?
what's your favorite dance ?
how about rock'n'roll ?
and the tango ?
don't be so modest . i'm sure you can do it very well . then i'll meet you at six . is that at all right ?
great ! i'm your lucky fellow then .
yes , i am . what's up ?
with pleasure . i suppose you dance often .
but i am told that you dance wonderfully well .
no . just occasionally .
it's hard to say , but i do love the foxtrot and waltz .
to tell you the truth , i don't like it . it's too noisy .
oh , it's really beautiful , but i just can't do it well .
ok .
you are an outgoing person , quite easy to talk with .
do you have many friends ?
what do you usually do with them ?
yes , my friends like to get along with me well .
yes , i like to make new friends .
we like to get together , chat and enjoy beautiful music .
doris , helen mall is having a big sale this weekend . do you wanna go ?
well , we can still do some window shopping , can we ?
i'll go by myself then .
don't feel like it . i'm broke .
just look around ? nah , that ' s boring .
i feel like going for a drink , it's been a long day .
how about the new bar across the road ?
i agree , i had lunch there last week .
great idea ! peter , i could use the drink .
sounds good . the food there is fantastic too .
excellent ! that sounds like a plan .
hello , are you chinese ?
i'm from america . are you settling in all right ?
i live in my uncle's house . he came here ten years ago .
i think it's just a matter of getting used to it .
no , i'm korean . where are you from ?
i've already found a flat and it's quite comfortable . what about you ?
what do you think of the local accent here ? has it been causing you any problems ?
i can't agree more .
why don't you watch where you're going ?
there was plenty of room for me to pull out . you didn't have to stay in the lane you were in .
i think my arm is broken .
listen , let's just wait until the police get here . then we can decide whose fault this accident was .
i have a cell phone in my car . now it's probably on the floor on the passenger side . why don't you get it for me , and then i can call the police ?
it doesn't work . it looks like it's broken . i need to get to a hospital . you should drive me there .
damn it ! i'm injured here . we could wait all day for the police .
it really hurts .
to hell with you . the accident was your fault .
to hell with you .
me ? you're the one who pulled out in front of me !
hey , listen . i had every right to stay in the lane i was in . you were supposed to wait until i passed to pull out . and anyhow , you didn't give me any time to change lanes . all of a sudden--bang--there you are right in front of me .
sorry about your arm , but it serves you right . you need to learn how to drive . you're lucky you didn't get killed . and i'm lucky to be alive too .
fine with me . i know the laws of the road . i'm not worried .
alright .
oh , yeah ? it's better if we make a police report first . then you can go to the hospital .
well , you'll just have to wait . i'm not going to move my car until the police arrive . i'll go into one of those houses over there and use their phone . don't worry . you'll get to the hospital in time .
yes , maybe it does . but if you're going to drive like you did just now , you will have to get used to a little physical pain . you know what i mean ?
i'm afraid it wasn't . and when the police get here , you will also see that it wasn't . but enough of this bickering . i'm going to go find a phone . don ' t move that arm while i'm gone . alright ?
bill , do you know if the cafeteria around the corner's open today ?
well , i thought that maybe we could go there for lunch today . that is , if you haven't promised to go with someone else .
i'm sorry i was such a grouch . it must've been the weather . when it rains i get depressed .
yes . they were open this morning when i came to work . they must've finished remodeling . why do you want to know ?
that'd be wonderful , peter . but i hope you're in a better mood than you were this morning .
forget it . i'll see you at 11:30 am .
the stepmother was very wicked . she couldn't stand a happy smile on the boy's face .
and she did her best to pull out the thorn in her flesh and the boy lost whatever made him happy .
and ?
poor child !
sorry . i didn't mean to be late . can i come in ?
have i used the one that my sister is sick ?
are you sure ? i thought i said it was my mother .
well . you can trust me this time . my sister is definitely sick . i'm just coming from the hospital . they say she might even die .
i'll do my best .
i'm working on it . really !
what's your excuse this time ?
yes , twice last week .
i don't think so . but it could've been .
i don't buy your story . try not to have any more sick relatives this week , all right ?
just try to be a little more punctual in the future .
hi , becky , what's up ?
what's the problem ?
for example ?
no , i can't see that happening . i know you're a good cook and nothing like that would ever happen .
my mother-in-law used to do the same thing to us . if it wasn't disciplining them enough , then we were disciplining them too much . she also complained about the food we fed them , the schools we sent them too , and everything else under the sun .
not much , except that my mother-in-law is driving me up the wall .
she loves to nit-pick and criticizes everything that i do . i can never do anything right when she ' s around .
well , last week i invited her over to dinner . my husband and i had no problem with the food , but if you listened to her , then it would seem like i fed her old meat and rotten vegetables . there's just nothing can please her .
it's not just that . she also criticizes how we raise the kids .
ella , it's been such a long week . i'm ready to go out and party . hey , let's go out for a night on the town .
let's go to the new club on west street .
you can wear that pretty red dress .
gosh , you took all the word right out of my mouth . let's go out and get crazy tonight .
sure , but what do i wear ?
hi , alice , what are you doing this sunday ?
if you are free , maybe you would like to go to a small party and having for my birthday party . it will be fun , you will get to know lots of people .
around six pm .
no . thank you . i can handle it , but thanks for the offer .
great , have a good day , thanks again for the offer .
nothing really , why , what ' s up ?
sounds great , i'd very much like to accept your invitation , thanks , when ?
do you need help setting up or anything ? i don't mind . i like to do that kind of thing . it's fun and i have a good eye for decorating .
ok , i will see you then .
hello . this is susan .
yes , i think so .
what ' s the time ?
oh , i ' m sorry i can ' t because i have to do some housework . you can ask jenny to go with you
good bye !
hello , i ' m mark . i ' m just wondering if you are free this weekend
good . i was thinking that i ' d like to invite you to watch a movie . i can meet you at the cinema gate .
six thirty , tonight .
all right . maybe next time i can go with you . bye !
what is life ?
then do you think that life is arranged by something above us .
right .
don't ask such a question . you know it has no certain answer . everyone knows it is in his heart .
maybe , the whirligig of time , who knows ?
david , i ' m going to china .
you know . i took part in the chinese contest . i was the best and they gave me this reward . i don ' t have to pay for my trip .
thank you . i ' m leaving tomorrow morning .
i ' m sure i will .
thank you , david .
really ? how did you get the chance ?
congratulations . how lucky you are !
i ' m sure you ' ll enjoy the trip . china is such a beautiful country .
have a nice journey , lily .
did you watch the final last night ? my favorite singer won !
yeah , he got booted after his initial performance in the audition , but he did not give up . he then tried at another two auditions .
me too .
yeah , there're so many excellent candidates out there . who knows which one will make it to the final ?
he really did a great job in the finale , especially in the pk round . he performed so well that the majority of the audience cast their votes for him .
oh , i love him too . he not only sings well but also shows perseverance when he encounters difficulties in the contest .
he had barely survived the third audition and finally got a chance to advance in the contest . fortunately , in the third audition , he has won popularity among the audience . and that's when i started to notice him .
before he made the top three , i was so nervous . i just fear that he might be knocked out .
absolutely . that's why when he entered the final , i was so excited .
and the host announced that he won it all !
come in , come in !
i thought we were supposed to meet here .
i ' m sorry . we must have misunderstood each other .
you ' re right . i am sorry . let ' s go and watch the movie .
hi , gary , what happened ? i was waiting for you at the theater . why didn ' t you meet me there ?
don ' t you know our movie starts at seven ? and we were going to meet at the theater at five to seven . then it doesn ' t make sense to meet at the apartment .
why don ' t you try to be clearer about your intentions ?
it ' s okay . i don ' t want to go now . we ' ve already missed ten minutes of the movie . i don ' t want to see a movie without watching the beginning .
excuse me , i am a new student here . could you tell me where the english department is ?
where is the school cafeteria ?
where is the computer center ?
where is the library ?
thank you . i will go get one .
well , hi ! my name is eve markowski . i am glad to meet you . with your friendly smile and helpful attitude . i am sure you will win .
you are welcome . i ' d better go . goodbye .
it is in that brand new , tall building over there . on the 9th floor .
it is the basement of that red building in front of the tower with big bells .
the computer center is on the first floor of the library .
the library is next to the adminstration building . the adminstration building is over there near the school ' s main entrance . there are school maps for free in the lobby of the admin .
sure . glad to be of service . by the way , my name is mike sullivan . you will see me around a lot . i am running for president of the student government .
thanks you for the encouragement .
have a good day . bye-bye !
how about another beer ?
stay around for a while . the party is warming up .
no , thanks . i've had more than enough . in fact , i must be running along .
i'm afraid i have to leave . i have to be up early tomorrow .
we have another traditional holiday-the dragon boat festival .
it falls on the fifth day of the fifth lunar month .
ok . the dragon boat festival is a way to commemorate a great ancient poet named quyuan . on that day , people will hold a boat race as a symbol of the attempt to save him who threw himself into the river .
in order to prevent the fish from eating the poet's body .
when is it ?
could you tell me the origin of the two festivals ?
why do people eat rice cakes on that day ?
it sounds so moving .
nice to see you , patrick .
yeah . all of us tried our best .
bob ! i hear your team won the match .
congratulations !
i think you're being a little naive .
that proves my point ! protect yourself or you'll get burned .
$ 200 ? if they get a hold of your credit card number , you're going to be out a lot more than $ 200 ! i had a friend who ...
if i want , i can protect myself by paying through an escrow account , which holds the money until i receive the item .
ebay also offers free insurance . you can get a refund of up to $ 200 if you're not satisfied with your purchase .
your knowledge of english is really surprising .
no , seriously . i am impressed .
oh , it's nothing to speak of .
thank you . i appreciate the compliment .
hello ?
i was just watching tv . what's going on with you ?
what did you watch ?
i remember that . it was a great movie . but it was definitely scary .
sure . i can come over . what should we do ?
ok . i'll get ready and leave . i'll see you in about 20 minutes .
don't worry , nothings going to happen . i'll be there real soon .
hey tina . what are you doing ?
i just watched a movie and i'm scared .
i saw the sixth sense . i didn't know it was going to be so scary .
if you're not busy , do you want to come over ? i'm afraid to be alone .
how about if we watch a comedy . i need something to get my mind off the frightening images i have from the sixth sense .
hurry , ok . it's dark out .
ok . see you soon .
are you a blogger ?
oh , it seems that i'm the only one who never blogs . when did you get started ?
what do you usually write about ?
that's interesting . how often do you write a blog ?
got it . are you still updating your blog ?
good for you . i know many people just leave their blogs alone after the first few months .
sure i am . i've been writing a blog for almost three years .
i began blogging when i first went to the us for my graduate strides .
at first , i'll write about my life there . like interesting things on the campus , travel stories , special english words that i come across . sometimes , i'll post my pictures on my blog so my family an
it's random . if there happen to be a lot of things going on , i may add several new entries in a week , and if i've got nothing to share , i may leave my blog untouched for weeks .
sure , since i came back from the us , i've been keeping the habit of blogging , simply to share my personal insights on any topic i like .
have you found a new job yet ?
what kind of work ?
what do you do there ?
how long is the assignment ?
no , not yet . i ' m still looking . i ' ve been doing some work through a temp-agency though .
i ' m temping at a pharmaceutic company .
mostly office work - filing and so on .
till the end of the month .
this is just for you . cheers ! bottoms up .
en ... it tastes good . i appreciate what you have done for me .
i'm sorry , ladies . mr . smith's viewing is over . it ended an hour ago .
i'm afraid not . but at tomorrow's funeral , the family requested an open casket service .
i'm sorry . i know it must have come as a great shock .
but we just drove across town . can't we just go in to see him one last ...
this is all too fast . he's my best friend , and now he's gone .
the viewing was for saying goodbye , and i didn't even get that .
i can ' t bear it . the driver is too bad .
he must be green . it ' s lucky that we will get off soon .
i prefer potatoes to eggplants .
but as a matter of fact , potatoes taste better .
i feel eggplants are more nutritious .
oh , that's how you see it .
that way they look longer .
putting on mascara .
i won't .
now what are you doing ?
nasty . you'd better not rub your eyes .
and you'd better not cry or you'll have black streaks running down your face .
let's have some lunch ; do you know of a great restaurant somewhere ?
maybe just a quick sandwich , salad , or something .
can we walk there ?
of course ! let's go .
yes , i'm hungry . what types of food sound good ?
i have a great idea of where you might like to go .
it's on the second floor . may i join you ?
let's hurry . i'm starving !
what are you going to do next year ?
do you have any where in mind ?
i want to go traveling .
yes , i've been thinking about florida .
like a cat on hot bricks , as you might say . i don ' t believe you are listening at all .
don ' t worry him , he has been grown up and i think he can take himself very well .
maybe he is on the way home now .
sorry , i just worried about him . you know , he should be here an hour ago .
but he still does not come back .
how long have you been in england ?
almost two years ? your english is very good .
for almost two years .
thank you . but there's still a lot for me to learn .
the johnson are on their way back . you remember them , don't you ?
we met them in bermuda last may .
the couple with the dogs , think back .
well , i've invited them for brunch .
johnson ? i can't place them .
they've completely slipped my mind .
no , i don't recall a thing about them .
hmm , i must be getting absent-minded .
his grandfather is the richest person in the area .
his grandfather's money is not his .
what a miser ! he cycles to school every day .
i can't understand him anyway .
what did he say ?
it ' s too good to be true ! if i were there , i would ask him if he himself was a successful man .
he said he would tell us the secret of becoming a successful man .
nobody would drive him up a wall by asking him such a question , you know .
i wonder what he looks like . oh , i can't wait to see him ! his email said he'd be wearing a white hat . oh , there he is .
logan ! why on earth are you hiding here ? white hat ! come on ! don't tell me you're the guy ! it can't be true .
what a bummer ! you set me up ?
hey , isabelle ...
yes , i am the guy ...
let me explain . i didn't mean to hurt you ...
we are just going round the corner for a drink . won't you join us ?
oh , come on ! just a quick one !
well , i'd like to , but i am not sure i have time .
all right , just a quick one .
excuse me miao li . could you tell me who jackie chan is ?
ha , i know cheng long a lot , he has made 40 films since 1976 . and at that time he was promoted as the new bruce lee . but i'm not familiar with his english name .
some movie stars measure their worth by how many millions of dollars they make . do you know how jackie chan measures his worth ?
sure . his skull , his eyes , his nose , three times , his jaw , his shoul-der , is chest , two fingers , a knee . as he said ' everything from the top of my head to the bottom of my feet ! '
this is because he is the action-movie incarnate or action-star extraordinaire around the world .
certainly . jackie chan is a very famous movie star in hong kong . his chinese name is cheng long .
ok . then tell me what else you know .
he measures his worth by how many of his bones he has fractured while executing his film , incredible stunts . by the way , can you count the breaks ?
indeed you know much about him .
i'm sorry , but i can't find the book you lent me .
i must apologize . i'll buy you a new one tomorrow .
oh , that's all right .
no , please don't . i couldn't let you do that .
may i ask a question ?
what does mph stand for ?
yes , what's it ?
it's miles per hour .
look , that bamboo groves are flourishing . let's go and play there .
' please don't enter the bamboo groves . ' we're not allowed to go in .
ok .
wait ! look at that board , what's on it ?
then we'd better not go .
are you ready to go shopping ?
what research ?
but they're just ads .
not yet . i'm not finished with my research yet .
reading my fashion magazines ! how do you think i know so much about all the latest trends ?
duh ... that's the point . the people in the ads are wearing what's in . plus , there are articles on new trends .
is there anything worth watching on another channel ?
do you mind if we watch it . i ' d really like to see it .
football game ? ok , and you know what comes on next ?
are you interested in watching it ?
oh , i am sorry . what's on channel 2 at 10 pm ?
do you want to watch it ?
i think there ' s a western on .
well , i really wanted to see the football game .
i believe there ' s a sitcom .
let me look in the tv guide first .
if i remember correctly , it's a quiz show .
let's watch it together .
well , how did you enjoy your seaside trip ?
tell me about it , will you ?
did you stop at the big waterfall for pictures ?
you were lucky then . what did you do after that ?
so you must have had a busy and enjoyable day yesterday .
it was funny .
well , we drove through the valley on our way there in the morning . it was a magnificent sight .
sure , we wouldn't miss it for anything . after that , we took a short cut to the park . there was very little traffic , so we got there in less than an hour .
we went for a swim in the sea . that was the best part of the day . just look at my nice tan .
yes , you're right . and i was so tired that i fell asleep on the way back . my arms are still stiff from the swim yesterday .
susan is going to get a divorce .
she told me that peter and she has a quarrel last nigh , and she left this morning , bag and baggage .
how do you know that ?
oh , i see . but i think you are making a fuss . they will make it up . bet it .
here's the course description guide .
do you want me to help you ?
look . here are the core classes . everyone has to take them .
you're catching on ! however , there are elective courses like wood shop , metal shop , home economics ...
good . now you can pick classes by yourself .
what do i do with it ?
please .
so i don't have to worry about them .
i'll take home economics .
well , known , jim , i'm ... i'm pretty much in favour of your computers , i think computers teach kids to think , because they require logical thoughts .
what do you mean ?
that's not the gadgets . creating programmes is stimulate thoughts . it engages their imagination and sharpen their mind .
but i ... i don't agree with thatbecause computers weaken kids'ability to thinkbecause kids don't learn basic skills .
they can't spell , they can't add , they can't subtract , they even don't remember any more . that's because they rely on gadgets .
ann , do you have time next monday ?
next monday is my birthday , and i would like you to attend my party .
great !
five o ' clock that afternoon , and in my place , you know ?
i am going to invite other guys . see you that day .
yeah , what ' s up ?
wow . i'd love to .
when and where ?
yes , i know . i appreciate your invitation .
see you .
hey stacy . what's going on ?
why ? you're not working so don't you have a lot of time on your hands ?
how about your husband . does he help much ?
that sucks .
that's crossing the line .
i'm pretty tired these days .
i have so much house work to do . i have to take care of the kids , cook , clean , laundry , and the cycle never ends .
not at all . he comes home and complains about his hard day at work . he expects me to do everything . he even wants me to feed him sometimes . can you believe that ?
if he wasn't so lazy , i think i wouldn't have any complaints . he mows the lawn , but can you believe he tried to convince me to do it ?
oh well . i'll have to live with it . what else can i do ?
do you like watching the winter olympic games ?
of course i do . i love it . all the games are exciting and the competitors are respectable .
yeah . what's the difference between the winter olympics and the summer olympics ?
i see . then , what's your favorite winter sport ?
then you must know shen due and hao hongbo .
you should go to talk with may . she is a big fan of them too .
of course . it's the tradition game in winter , and with good reason . don't you like watching it ?
that's true . for various reasons , it takes more to hold a fierce game for winter olympics than it does for summer olympics . you know , the low temperature may cause many problems .
when the olympic games started in modern times , only summer events were included . when it grew popular , there came the winter olympic games , which includes a variety of winter sports .
figure skating . in my eye , nothing beats it .
oh , i didn't expect you to know them . but yes , i love them not only because of many medals they've won , but also because of many medals they've won , but also because of their spirits .
how do you arrange this summer vacation ?
where would you like to go ?
that's really a good idea . taking a walk on the beach and lying in the sun are pretty good . i recommend you qingdao or dalian .
yes , that's a good place to spend a holiday . last year i went there . it's really .
i want to travel .
the seaside .
i ' ve been to qingdao before , so i ' ll choose dalian . i've heard that the environment there is very good .
thank you !
would you care for something to drink , mr . stone ?
just make yourself at home . the other guests should be arriving shortly .
no , thank you , mrs . carter . i'm fine for now .
i'm dreadfully sorry for you .
is there any clue ?
thank you very much for your kindness .
no , he left nothing .
very glad to know something about you , then what are you going to do when you finish .
that ' s a good idea . it must be easy to find a job in shanghai .
and english is very useful in your job .
you will be a very promising one .
oh , i ' ll go to shanghai to practice there .
i think so , you know there is a great deal of opportunity for business there .
i think it will be very useful in many ways . beside , shanghai is an important trade center , not only in china , but also in the world , english is useful in almost all walks of life .
that ' s my wish .
i hear you are expecting your family .
i didn't know you had a brother .
oh , nice . is he coming on his own or with the family ?
does your brother have just one son ?
i'm sure your parents are looking forward to seeing their grandson .
so when are they all coming ?
yes , my parents , and soon my brother as well .
oh , yes , he is two years older than me . he lives in new zealand so i don't see him that often .
his son is coming as well . he wants to go to university here in england so they will visit a few universities while they are here .
no , he has two daughters as well . his wife and daughters are visiting her parents . so i won't see them .
oh yes , they are really looking forward to it . they went to new zealand last year and loved it .
my parents are already here . my brother and nephew are arriving on monday .
you seem to very busy these days . what are you doing ?
where did you spend your holiday ?
i am swapped with work after 10 - day holiday .
i went to paris .
so , paula , where are you from ?
from canada ? where were you born ?
when did you come to los angeles ?
did you go to school here ?
did you get a job right after graduation ?
when was that ?
i bet that was interesting . what did you do there ?
i'm from canada , originally .
montreal .
we moved here when i was fourteen .
well , i went to high school here , but i went to college in texas .
no , i traveled for a while in europe after college , and then i lived in france .
let's see ... that was about six years ago .
i studied french . anyway ... that's enough about me . how about you ? were you born in l . a . ?
do you consider yourself a good mother ?
how can you manage to do both ? i mean , it is so hard to be a working mother .
does your husband feel the same ?
yes , i'm a very good mother and successful career woman .
i think the most important thing is that you should be nice to yourself , like keeping housework simple , spending money on things that make life easier , buying yourself things you like , and so on . you can only be nice to others when you can be nice to yourself .
yes . he is very understanding and supportive .
i find it really hard to express myself in class . i have lots of ideas , but they never seem to come out of my mouth .
i often do , but i ' m worried about the responses from other people .
i ' m worried that what i say will not make sense .
that ' s a good idea . what should i do if i am in two minds about a topic ?
i didn ' t realize that speaking in class could be so easy .
let me give you a little advice . you know what the topics are going to be , so prepares what you would like to say in advance .
you have to be realistic . not everyone is going to agree with you , but people will respect your opinion and they will respect the fact that you have contributed something to the discussion .
we could chat about the topic before class . i could check that what you want to say is logical and it would also give you a chance to practice speaking .
that ' s easy . express possibilities . people will think that you are pretty smart to be able to look at the topic from more than one angle .
the most difficult thing is being able to predict what other people will say . they will reply to your statements , but you can ' t be sure how .
what's his job ?
but mrs . smith hired him to find her lost son .
he used to be a policeman .
yeah . he's a private eye now .
bother the flies !
i don't know . something rotten here ?
where do they come from ?
i can't see it .
have you got your invitation yet ?
the house warming party .
tom and bill smith . they are both working now you know ? and they've bought a new house .
it's out in the suburbs .
yes , i have . i went out with them last weekend .
yes , it is . there are three bedrooms , a living room , a dining room , and a big kitchen .
well , that does sound nice . have they moved in yet ?
when are they going to have the party ?
wow , that would be something to look forward to .
my invitation ? no , i haven't . my invitation to what ?
whose house warming party is it ?
oh , they have ? i didn't know . i haven't seen tom lately .
have you seen the house ?
is it nice ?
there's also a garden .
they are moving today . tom's taken the day off . he's rented a truck , and they should have all their furniture in the house tonight .
next saturday night . you should get your invitation today or tomorrow .
hi , darling ! i have a one-month vacation saved up . how about a trip to europe ?
oh , but i really need to leave this town for a change . working day after day has worn me out . do you have any other suggestions ?
wonderful ! i think that's a great idea . how soon until we can make this happen ? i can't wait !
perfect . i'll start preparing tomorrow . if we're going to drive , i'll need to fill up the tank .
we can take the train , that will be faster . i'll book the tickets tomorrow morning .
no problem . i'm really looking forward to the coming week .
i could go for that . but i'm afraid our budget is a little tight this year .
we should probably think about going somewhere that isn't too far away . how about the countryside ? there must be many interesting places , and we could enjoy the fresh air and the delicious local spec
tomorrow i have an appointment with my dentist . what about next monday ?
no need . i think it's still plenty full . even so , i'd rather travel by bus or train . it would cost much less than driving . oil prices are soaring nowadays , you know .
great ! oh , one more thing , don't forget to check the weather before we go . i'd hate to get caught in the rain .
me , too . now let's make a list for what we need to take with us .
hi , kenny . let's go for a drink .
somewhere new . it's a great place to pick up chicks .
yeah , i broke up with lisa . she blew a gasket over it . whoa , get a load of that !
never mind the getup . she ' s beautiful !
i'm gonna introduce myself .
oh , oh , that tears it ! i'm getting out of here .
my ex-girlfriend's here . if she sees me , my goose is cooked .
ok , catch you later .
sounds good . where are we going ?
need a new . girlfriend , huh ?
whew ! that getup is terrific !
that too .
if you're lucky , that might do the trick .
hold on ! what's the big hurry ?
i wanna finish my drink first . i'll meet you at sammy's .
valerie ! hi ! wow how are you ? it ' s been such a long time !
really ? thanks ! i went to that hair salon that you told me about , but enough about me ! look at you ! you haven ' t aged a day since the last time i saw you ! what is your secret !
yes , my little paul is finally a doctor . they grow up so fast you know .
thank you ! what about your daughter , pamela ? i heard she has passed the bar exam and married recently .
such a lovely girl . i hope my paul is lucky enough to find a girl like that someday !
same here ! we will catch up soon , maybe over coffee !
see you soon ! bye ! egg ... i can ' t stand that woman or her obnoxious daughter .
darlene ! indeed , it ' s been a while ! how have you been ? wow , you look amazing ! i love what you ' ve done with your hair !
ha ha , come on ! well , i ' ve been watching what i eat , and working out three times a week . by the way , i heard your son recently graduated !
he is such a handsome guy . he gets his looks from his mother of course !
oh yes . she had a beautiful wedding in cozumel mexico and we all attended .
but of course ! well , it ' s been great talking to you , but i have to get going .
that would be great ! give me a call !
did you already take the history exam ?
i take it tomorrow morning . there is so much material that i dont know what to emphasize on . what types of questions did you get ?
what about abraham lincoln ? did you get any questions about him ?
hopefully he will use the same exam , cause im going to spend most of my time studying the civil war . it is a huge section and that is what he lectured the most on in class .
aright . thanks for the info . i gotta go to the library now .
thanks . see ya .
yeah . it was hard . when do you take it ?
mostly on the civil war . you should also study the impact martin luther king jr . had on american society .
i only had 1 question about him . but you might get more . i dont know if he will have the same exam or not .
if you cant study everything , then that is probably the best way to go .
good luck .
what's the matter with you , then ? you look miserable .
what do you mean by " us " ?
what do you mean ? we ' re talking now , aren't we ?
yes . i remember . but we never used to argue . you used to think i was wonderful . where are you going ?
it's us .
well , we used to talk to each other before we were married . remember ?
oh , yes , but we used to do so much together .
back to live with my parents . that's something else i used to do before we were married . remember ?
hey , blake ! are you still listening to mozart ?
it's great . and i ' ve heard that listening to mozart can make you more intelligent .
is classical music your favorite ?
i like pop music best . classical music is a bit too heavy for me . i can't get fully relaxed in it .
yeah , that's why i can enjoy myself in it .
i think so , since i was in primary school . how long have you been interested in classical music .
oh , i didn't know you can play the violin . do you still play .
yes . do you like it ?
really ? i've never heard that before . i just like it .
yes . what about you ?
pop music doesn't have any depth for me .
did you always like pop music .
i didn't like it at all until i started to learn violin when i was eight . from then on . classical music has been an important part of my life .
sometimes , but these days i'm often too busy .
it was really hard for our parents to save money when they were young .
yeah . they simply had no extra money to save up or for other things .
most people were living form hand to mouth . how could they ?
fortunately , things are changing these years .
jane , i was wondering if you you had any plans for saturday afternoon .
there is a special exhibition of french sculptures at the museum , i was hoping you ' d like to come with me .
what about sunday ?
maybe next week .
sorry to hear that , i was really looking forward to spending some more time with you , i really enjoyed our last chat .
a friend and i are planing to go out , why ? what's up ?
i am afraid i can't i am going to be out all day .
i wish i could , but it's my mums birthday .
much as i ' d like to , i am afraid i wont be free next week , i have a lot of work .
i am really sorry too , maybe i can give you a call sometime .
have any plans for the weekend , tom ?
oh , do you go hiking often ?
it would be nice to get out of the city . do you want some company ?
yeah , i go a lot too . i saw a bear and a mountain lion on my last hike .
yeah , my friend and i hiked in a very wild part of the national forest .
thanks , i ' ll ask him .
yeah , i ' m going for a hike in the southern rocky mountains .
i go as much as i can . i love hiking because you can really get in touch with nature .
sure . but , it will be a long hike , 30 miles in three days . have you been hiking before ?
wow ! you must have been pretty far away from the city .
well , bring him along too . we ' ll have a great time this weekend .
how upsetting ! he has been away for a week !
i have reported it to the police .
i don't know if anything terrible has happened .
we'd better prepare for the worst .
you've heard of bruce jenner , haven't you ?
i read that he trained so much that he used to dream about jumping hurdles .
sometimes he would wake up covered in sweat , with his legs pumping away .
he won the decathlon in the 1976 olympics , right ?
i can think of better things to dream about ...
that's crazy .
mike ! look at the floor !
what's wrong with it ? it's filthy !
it's filthy because you never wipe your shoes .
what are you looking for now ?
well , they ' re not here . they are in the dustbin .
what's wrong with it ?
oh ...
sorry , love .
my cigarettes .
in the dustbin ! why didn't you tell me before ?
excuse me . do you study chinese at this university ?
it takes a long time to learn chinese writing .
yes , i am . i am from guangzhou . i am here to study international relations .
i like it so far . but my english still needs work .
yes , i do . but my characters are very bad .
are you chinese by birth ?
how do you like it ?
i want to study mandarin and public relations .
hey , look over there . it seems that there is something interesting going on . let's go and have a look .
look at that . it's so dangerous . my mom would never allow me to do that .
you are right . but what if an avalanche happened ?
anyway , the show is breathtaking . by the way , where did they get so much snow here ?
do you think the snowmaking may cause pollution ?
sure . it's probably a skiing show . adam told me there are many skiing clubs whose members put on shows to attract more visitors .
stop all this fuss and enjoy the show .
they are all great skiers and very experienced . so i suppose the chance for them to be buried by an avalanche is slim .
well , they have the most advanced snowmaking machine .
it's possible .
you'll never guess what i won at work today ! - tickets to tonight's final nba game .
of course ! and here's the best part , they are court side seats !
some guy in the accounting department has a brother on the team !
the game starts at seven so we'd better hustle , it's already five .
two , i hope and i hope that by telling me about them you are planning on taking me !
how in the world ! who came up with seats like that from your company ?
can't beat that ! thank you accounting guy !
what are we waiting for ? let's go !
let ' s play a game !
no , no , a friend of mine taught me this really fun game . i ' m going to describe someone ' s face , and you guess who it is !
let ' s see . he has a roman nose , bushy eyebrows and dimples !
aunt rose ! that mole is so huge ! ok , my turn . he has a crooked nose and full lips . he has quite a few freckles and an oval face . oh , he is also bald !
not funny .
ok ! how about scrabble ?
ok !
our cousin pete ! my turn ! she has a pointy nose , sunken eyes and a mole on her chin !
your future husband !
as we know , mobile phones bring people great convenience and shorten the distance among friends and relatives .
is it ? i've never thought of any disadvantages of the mobile phone .
that's true . some people pay too much attention to their mobile phones .
it bears a great many of advantages , but also some weak points .
for instance , the mobile phone seriously distracts the attention of people from work and study .
actually , it's not the fault of the mobile phone . but people should have a proper attitude towards it . mobile phone is a tool serving people , not the fetters restricting them .
lee , i'm going to get married next month .
you are invited to my wedding .
good news ! and congratulations !
thank you . i'll certainly be there .
thank you for lending me the book .
but i'm not used to looking up every new word when i'm reading a novel . i only look up the most necessary ones .
sure . but it's a very difficult one , you need to have a dictionary at your elbow .
don ' t you agree that all the thieves should be punished by cutting off their fingers ?
don ' t you think in that case , there wouldn ' t be so much stealing ?
i ' m afraid many people would turn thumbs down on it .
definitely . but i think it is too fierce .
the bartender just gave the last call . let's order another round , okay ?
that sounds good . you order the beer while i go to the bathroom . where is the can in this place ?
yeah . i think i can find it .
that's because i just took one step inside and turned right around . that bathroom is too gross for me .
let's leave then . i could take some fresh air , anyway .
sure , but let's get a pitcher this time we should be able to down it before they close .
it's all the way to the back . see that yellow door ?
you're back already . that sure was quick .
well , the bartender wouldn't give me the pitcher of beer . anyway . he said it was too close to closing time .
okay , let's go !
hi , mary ! what do you like to do in your spare time ?
what a confidence ! i always watch a lot of movies , too .
actually , i watch whichever movie there is , be it a comedy , a sci-fi or a suspense movie . how about you ?
really impressive . these two genres are totally different .
how often do you go to the cinema ?
movie salon ? where is that ?
is it good ?
really ? maybe i shall also sign up for its membership .
well , i spend a lot of time watching movies .
oh really , frank ? what kind of movies do you like ?
art films are my favorite , but thrillers are cool , too .
sure . i enjoy both of them very much .
once in a while , i suppose , i usually rent movies at movie salon .
it's a movie rental store in my neighborhood . i've got a membership there .
yes , you can find almost all new releases there .
why not ?
hey suzie . guess what ? i'm having a baby !
thanks . i'm so excited . we've been trying for 8 months now .
three months .
i want to , but bob doesn't . he wants to be surprised like the old fashioned way .
i'd rather know and buy all the baby things ahead of time .
i know i am going to be busy , but i know i can handle it . i have been looking forward to this day for a long long time .
thank you so much .
really ? that's so great . congratulations .
that's really exciting . how many months are you pregnant ?
are you going to find out if it is a boy or a girl ?
maybe it's more exciting not knowing .
there are so many things you have to prepare for .
it really must be an exciting time for you guys .
mary seems depressed . what ' s the matter ?
poor girl !
she didn ' t expect to get a kick in the teeth after a day ' s hard work .
believe it or not , one of the narrowest street in the world is only 49cm wide .
that's what i'm wondering , too .
unbelievable ! how do people go through it ?
i wish i had a chance to see it with my own eyes .
would you care to join for the picnic tomorrow ?
we'd like to invite you for our dress party tomorrow evening , are you free ?
what a pity ! you can't join us .
much to my regret , i'll have to meet my girlfriend at the airport then .
much as we'd like to , but we've booked up already for that time .
so sorry . next time we'll go , thanks anyway .
i'd like to invite you to dinner tonight , do you think have time ?
which kind of food do you like , chinese food , western food or sea food ?
ok . i'll pick up your hotel at 6 thirty pm .
see you later .
thank you for your inition . i'm free tonight .
i prefer sea food .
that's fine . i'll be waiting for you .
bye .
look ! i bought these shoes only three weeks ago and there is a hole in them already .
i did . but they said they won ' t change them .
if that happen to me , i ' ll take them back to the shop .
that ' s terrible . but if they wouldn ' t change them , i know what i would do .
do you sometimes feel overwhelmed by your work ?
totally agree . what is your solution ?
you seem to have a very relaxed outlook .
but i don ' t think we can change our working condition . anyway , we are not the bosses .
of course ! it is the no . 1 stressor in my life . you know job stress has become a very common problem these days . so we must learn to cope with it .
well , there are two causes of job stress . one is employee characteristic and the other is company condition . so if we want to manage job stress , both we and the companies should do something . for me , i am trying to balance work and leisure time . you know , all work and no play make jack a dull boy .
it is necessary . positive attitude helps to prevent stress .
i heard some companies are providing stress management training and making changes inside them , like avoiding unrealistic deadlines and organizing relaxation activities . our boss is a smart person . he will be learning from that if he would like to an efficient and healthy team .
i am so busy today .
i ' m not sure . perhaps you could do the shopping .
or maybe make the beds .
thanks . that ' s terrific !
can i help you ?
i ' ll be glad to help .
all you have to do is ask for help .
i ' m ready and willing to help .
the restaurant across the street hired a new chinese chef , so i ordered some chinese food there for this evening .
something hot and spicy . they look very inviting on the menu . you are going to love them .
i'm not sure . i don't enjoy cooking that much . as long as we can order it from a restaurant , we don't have to learn to do it by ourselves .
good . i love chinese food . what did you order ?
maybe we can find a place to learn some chinese cooking . i hear there's a place in chinatown where you can take some courses . are you interested ?
you are right . but i just want to know how they prepare food and make it taste so different .
you don't look too well . maybe you should take the day off from work .
do you feel ok ?
why don't you call your secretary and tell her to reschedule the meeting ? you should really get some rest or you'll end up feeling even worse than you do now .
you're really hot . let me get you some tylenol to bring the fever down .
zach , what's that on your arm ?
it looks like you have a red rash all over you ! are you allergic to anything ?
i completely forgot about your cat allergy . i took care of a cat for my friend here a few days ago . oh no . we'd better go to the doctor and get some medicine . let's go .
we would , but let's just go and see if there's an opening now before it gets worse .
i couldn't do that . i have an important meeting to go to today .
not really . after a 12 - hour flight , i've got jetlag , and on top of that , i think i've also got the flu .
could you feel my forehead and check to see if i have a fever ?
ok . i'll stay home this morning and rest , but if i feel better in the afternoon , i'm going to the meeting .
i don't know . it looks a bit red , but i'm sure it's nothing .
just cats , but i don't think i was near any cats in the last couple of weeks .
shouldn't we make an appointment first ?
whatever you say . i just want to get to my meeting !
i can't go to your party .
that's too bad .
do you like being a doctor ?
can you tell me about it ?
what can you do when this happens ?
yes , most of the time . but , sometimes things can get difficult .
you know , sometimes patients can get very unreasonable . they may insist they are sick when they are not .
not much , usually i'll just keep silent .
have you eaten ?
not yet .
it's too hot to read .
which season do you like best ?
how about summer ?
why ?
but sometimes summer is more charming than the other seasons .
we'd better go out for a walk .
spring .
i dislike it most .
because the hottest season is summer in a year .
my son came home from three years in the navy .
yeah . we rolled out the red carpet to welcome him home .
it was a real red letter day for you .
john , my father isn't there at all . are you kidding ?
it's ... oh it's the 1st april , april fool's day .
cool , fellow , what's the date today , buddy ?
you forgot all of about it , didn't you ?
i must be going .
okay . keep in touch .
hi , i made a reservation for a mid-size vehicle . the name is jimmy fox .
i don ' t understand , i made a reservation , do you have my reservation ?
but the reservation keeps the car here . that ' s why you have the reservation .
i don ' t think you do . if you did , i ' d have a car . see , you know how to take the reservation , you just don ' t know how to hold the reservation and that ' s really the most important part of the reservation , the holding . anybody can just take them .
fine . i ' ll take the compact .
yeah , you better give me the insurance , because i am gonna beat the hell out of this car .
i ' m sorry , we have no mid-size available at the moment .
yes , we do , unfortunately we ran out of cars .
i know why we have reservations .
but we do have a compact or an suv if you ' d like .
alright . we have a blue ford focus for you , mr . fox . would you like insurance ?
do you think tom will be elected president ?
let's make a bet on who gets it .
no , i think harry will get it .
ok , loser buys pizza tomorrow night .
i met a girl in elevator this morning . she works in a company upstairs . she said she envied the casual way we dress for work . she complained about the dress rule in her company . it requires everyone to wear formal clothes from monday to friday .
you know , in a sense , a suits and ties are compulsory for male employees even in july , and no jewelry allowed for most of the female employees . even the reasonable male leaf is returning the rule , isn ' t that strict ?
but it is unjust to judge a book by its cover . if they ' re not happy or comfortable with their clothes , they can be less productive .
well , i was wondering where those people with professional attire come from . now , i know the answer .
to some extent , it is . anyway , whether they like it or not , they do give people a very good impression .
what happened ? why didn't he win ?
how did that happen ? he's so talented ! i thought he had a great chance of winning a gold medal !
what ? what kind of drugs was he using ?
i thought that all athletes were supposed to be regularly tested for drugs .
that's so disappointing . i don't know why top athletes would feel the need to take drugs .
regardless of how much pressure you're under , there's never a good reason to take drugs .
let's hope so .
didn't you hear ? he was disqualified .
if he didn't have any drug problems , he would have won .
he was taking steroids to make him stronger and faster .
they are . the only reason they didn't disqualify him until after the race is because the results from the text only came back afterwards .
i don't think it's right , but i can understand why they might . imagine how much pressure there would be to win for your country !
i agree . hopefully with the new regulations , fewer athletes will try to cheat with drugs .
cindy , how come nearly all the prime-time tv shows are comedies ?
sitcoms ?
in taiwan , prime-time shows are an hour long and most of them aren't comedies .
that's because americans love sitcoms .
situation comedies . a sitcom is half an hour long and it airs weekly . sitcom shows tend to be about ordinary people . if there is one thing that all the shows have in common , it is teaching wholesome values .
i think americans would rather laugh than cry or be scared in their free time .
are you interested in history ?
i love history , but i ' ve always thought that learning the reasons behind events is more important than remembering exactly when they happened .
some people say that history repeats itself .
the idea is that the people and dates change , but the reason why things happen stay the same .
yes , i am . i enjoyed studying it at school , though i had trouble remembering all the dates , so my teacher never gave me good marks .
i wish you had been my history teacher ! i might have got better marks !
what does that mean ? the same events never happen twice , do they ?
i see . i think i ' d agree with that statement . people often seem to make the same mistakes over and over again .
you're looking great .
you , too .
what's the matter , john ? you seemed to be restless today .
oh , that's easy . if it's better than the one you are doing now , go for it . that's my advice .
then what about the salary ? would you get more ?
have you discussed it with your wife ?
as i say it the work is well worth try . after all you can get a higher salary .
you see , i've been offered a new job . i can't decide whether to take it or not .
it isn't that easy . i hate to quit my present job . people around here are very nice and the work itself is challenging .
yes , they say i would get a big sum .
yes , she leaves it to me .
i have to think about it .
sybil . is that spelt with an i or a y ?
of course .
both actually . s , y , b , i , l .
i see mike farmer has make it into the olympic team . he beat the national record by 0 . 1 of a second .
i think you ' re right . i think we have a very good athletics team . they should do well in the olympics . how many medals do you think we ' ll win ?
what do you think our chance are in other events .
we might get a gold medal in the sailing too . our team put in a lot of practice .
you are very optimistic !
that ' s great . he ' s the best runner i ' ve seen this season . i ' m sure he ' ll win a medal at the olympics .
i really don ' t know . i don ' t think we ' ll win many gold medals , but i think we should win several silver and bronze ones .
in the last olympics , we did very well in swimming , cycling and ball sports . i think we ' ll do well in those same events .
i think we can expect to get between 30 to 40 medals in total .
helen , did you hear i ' m having a party ? next saturday in my place .
well , drop by if you can .
no , just bring yourself . i hope to see you there .
i may have something on that day , but thanks for inviting me .
i will , do you want me to bring anything ?
it's said that john's broken up .
i hear that john's leading a double wife .
really ? but his wife has always waited on him hand and foot .
it's very bad of him to cheat on a lady like his wife .
let's play chess .
that's all right , i'm a beginner . i've just learnt how to play .
you're a very good player
so did i . i won a prize last week but it was a prize for beginners .
i haven't played chess for a long time .
look , there's a chessboard . those two men have already finished playing .
not really , but once i won a prize .
my prize was for the best player in the country . now let's start playing chess seriously .
you have been here for how long ? four months now ?
do you know chinese better now ?
oh , yeah . many chinese like to bargain . it happens almost everywhere .
a shouting match ? you ' re so funny . you must be exaggerating . i don ' t believe it .
yes , perhaps . chinese usually don ' t notice that sort of thing . maybe it ' s quite natural to us .
yeah , about .
oh , definitely . i remember , when i first arrived in guangzhou , my girlfriend was haggling with a sales clerk over the price of a mobile phone .
i mean , i understand that . but the speed of the conversation got faster and faster , until it seemed to me that they would fight . my perception of the tone was that it was a violent shouting match . the truth was that it was a perfectly normal conversation .
i am not exaggerating at all . i ' m telling you the truth . that was how i felt at that time .
yes , absolutely true .
excuse me , can you tell me the name of the book you read ?
harry potter ? is that book funny ?
got it .
no , but my little brother likes it very much .
i'll try to read it . actually , i like literature very much .
jane austen .
i like it too . but sense and sensibility is my favorite .
harry potter .
actually , the language itself is not so funny , but you can imagine the scene , that's funny .
have you ever read this book before ?
it's really a good book . you will like it too .
wow , that sounds like a scholar . by the way , who's your favorite writer ?
me too . pride and prejudice is my favorite .
oh , it's getting late . i've got to run . it was nice talking to you , karren .
i guess we'll see just around .
you too .
thanks , tim . nice meeting you , too .
ye , i hope so . well . take it easy .
hey sandra , what's wrong ? you look furious !
but sandra ... you love your job ! you spent months trying to get this position . it's perfect for you !
what kind of power struggles are you talking about ?
so he talks about you behind your back ?
i had a worker like that once . she was always taking credit for my ideas .
my co-worker had a whole bunch of bad office habits . she liked to name-drop ... we would be in a meeting and she would say , yesterday i was chatting with tom . she meant tom solomon ... our ceo .
i've had it with tim ! i think i'm going to quit !
yeah ... i know . but i'm sick and tired of all the office power struggles !
basically , i think tim is threatened by me . i'm doing a better job than he is so he's trying to sabotage my career !
yes . he's all nice and friendly to my face . but the second i turn around he stabs me in the back !
i should keep a better record of my correspondence with the clients so if necessary i can prove it was my effort .
doris , i'm glad you're home . i'm terrified . i don't know what to do !
i think someone is stalking me .
i don't know . i saw him the first time tuesday . he was at the cafe . i noticed he was looking at me a lot . not just the usual looking , but staring . he just kept staring at me . he didn't stop .
i didn't do anything . finally , he left . but then i saw him again today . outside the shoe store . near the cafe . i went into a cd store and pretended i was looking at cd's . but then he came in too .
yes . then i noticed he was on the sidewalk behind me . he was following me .
what is it ? what happened ?
no , it can't be . really ? who ?
what did you do ?
did he leave when you left ?
what did you do ?
man , i'm hungry . do you know a good place to have lunch ?
mexican , japanese or chinese would be great .
is it close by ?
ok , i'd love the company .
yes , i know a great place . what types of food do you like ?
oh , i know a place where you might like to eat .
it's down a block on the right ; can i show you the way ?
this will work out well . i'm getting hungry just thinking about it .
have you ever been to disneyworld ?
the one in florida is disneyworld and the one in california is disneyland , so you must have been to disneyland .
well , i've never been to either so i was thinking of going to disneyworld for my honeymoon .
some time next year . we haven't set the date yet .
thank you . so what do you think ? would we have a good time ?
for the most part , yes . some of the rides are bit too scary for me , though .
even the roller coasters that go through tunnels in the dark ?
thanks for the advice . i'll talk to my fiance about it tonight .
when i was young , my parents took me to the one in california . i always forget which -- is that one disneyland or disneyworld ?
that's right . why do you ask ?
when are you getting married ?
congratulations ! i had no idea .
do you like amusement parks ?
if you don't think twice about the rides and go on every ride that you can , you'll have a good time .
even those . it'll be very romantic , i think . you'll have loads of fun .
i'm sure he'll love the idea . just throw yourself into it and you'll enjoy it !
matthew ? hi !
it's got to be almost a year now .
i'm pretty good . i've been looking for a place to live recently . my lease runs out next month and i don't want to renew it .
not yet . but i am still looking through the classifieds . wish me luck .
mrs . thou ?
great . it's a lovely neighborhood . and it would be nice to be neighbors again . it would be just like the old days !
steve ! haven't seen you in ages ! how long's it been ?
how have you been ?
yeah , i remember the neighborhood . have you found a place yet ?
well , maybe i can help . remember my neighbor ?
yes , her daughter's having a baby , so she's moving in with her to help out . i think if you are interested , you can come over and have a look .
i'll ask mrs . thou when she's available to show the apartment and let you know . has your number changed ?
are you ready to go to the mall ?
copycat !
you went out and bought khakis , too !
whatever .
yeah . dig my new pants ?
what do you mean ?
no . mine are a soft brown . yours are khaki .
have heard of paul ?
he's got a promotion .
no , they made him vicepresident in charge of sells .
well , it's true . the board man last thirdly and they choice paul .
no , what ?
you're kidding .
i don't believe it . he is only being with the company for two years .
well . good for him .
jeff , i'm going to the supermarket . do you want to come with me ?
oh , when does it close ?
that's too bad .
alright . what do you want to do now ?
where does she live ?
how long has she lived there ?
that's a long time . where did she live before that ?
i think the supermarket is closed now .
it closes at 7:00 on sundays .
don't worry , we can go tomorrow morning . it opens at 8: 00 .
let's take a walk for a half an hour . my sister will get here at about 8: 30pm and then we can all go out to dinner .
she lives in san francisco .
i think she's lived there for about 10 years .
san diego .
hey , peter , have you had lunch yet ?
not yet . let's go to that restaurant on the corner .
no . how about you ?
who's that ?
search me .
i had a big argument with david yesterday . i hope he ' s not still mad at me .
he borrowed some money from me and i needed it back . he said he didn ' t have the money yet .
yes , but i got angry with him too quickly . he probably thought that i mistrusted him . i shouldn ' t have got angry .
not much . i had to pay an unexpected bill , so i needed the money back .
no , we didn ' t . i guess you ' re right . we should patch things up .
what did you argue about ?
well , he should pay you back . it ' s only fair .
did you lend him a lot of money ?
well , talk to him about it next time you see him . he probably feels as bad about it as you do . close friends sometimes have disagreements . it ' s nothing unusual . neither of you said anything really nasty , did you ?
of course you should . you wouldn ' t want a silly argument to ruin a long friendship , would you ?
did you read the letter in the paper about smoking ? the person who wrote that must be crazy .
maybe so . but a law banning cigarettes will do no good .
i don ' t think so . i think the government should do everything it can to discourage people from smoking .
no , you can ' t suddenly make smoking illegal , but government could prohibit smoking in public places like movies and theatres .
do you know that the dolphin is the most intelligent animal in the world ?
they must be amazing animals .
i read that story too . they seem to be able to understand men .
yes . dolphins have a big brain and they are very smart . they are also the fastest swimmers in the world .
they are . i read a story about a dolphin saving a a from drowning in the sea .
they sure can . maybe they can interact with men better than monkeys and apes .
oh dear , my weight has gone up again .
and i suppose sitting at the desk all day in the office doesn't help .
i do wish i could lose weight .
i've tried diets before but they've never worked .
yes , maybe i should .
i am not surprised , you eat too much .
no , i wouldn't think so .
well , why don't you go on the diet ?
perhaps you should excercise more . why don't you go to an exercise class .
could you please wait for a minute ? i'll buy the tickets
here is your ticket .
the park will close soon . we should better go in right now .
yes , let's go in .
yes , how do you know ?
well , generally speaking , the park is a window on the world history , a window on the world civilization and a window on the world's tourist attractions as well .
all right .
thank you .
really ?
it is a new park , isn't it ?
i guessed it .
oh , how wonderful !
i was just watching a documentary on tv about how people use dogs for various purpose . it was very interesting .
the documentary also pointed out that they are used by shepherds to round up sheep and by rescue workers to find people trapped under rubble or snow .
don ' t forget that horses are still used in many countries to pull ploughs and carts .
yes , i can . i don ' t ride regularly though . how about you ?
what a good idea !
i love dogs . they have been used as guards for centuries . nowadays , they are often used to find illegal drugs and bombs by the police and customs officers .
horses are useful to people too . we use them for sports and recreation .
can you ride a horse ?
i can ride too . perhaps we could go horse riding together at the weekend ?
where's mrs . johnson ?
i see . can i sit down ?
thank you , mr . johnson .
okay , tom .
she's upstairs in my room .
just call her lisa , mary . she's cooking dinner .
of course ! make yourself at home .
please , just call me tom .
where's cindy ?
can you tell her to come downstairs ? we're about to have dinner .
have you heard of paul ?
he's got a promotion .
no , they made him vicepresident in charge of sells .
well , it's true . the board man last thirdly and they choice paul .
no , what ?
you're kidding .
oh , i don't believe it . he is only being with the company for two years .
well . good for him .
let's speed up . we're going to be late again .
i hope so .
if we hurry , can we get there in time ?
is it your first time to join the sports meeting of junior high school ?
long-distance race , dash , hurdle race , relay race , standing long jump , high jump , shotput and so on .
ok , let's go .
wonderful , bruce is taking the lead .
come on , bruce . come on , bruce .
yes , and it's great . what are the events at the sports meeting ?
our neighbor , bruce , will take part in the relay race . let's go have a look .
the competition will begin in 5 minutes , it's tense here .
other competitors have almost caught up with him . they are neck and neck .
wow , bruce crossed the line first .
tim ' s smiles are interesting .
you are right . they sweep nancy off her feet . and now she fell head over heels in love with him .
yes , they are shy and gentle but very powerful .
how wonderful it would be if i had such smiles !
have you enjoyed your weekend ?
not at all . we've really enjoyed having you . i hope you'll come and stay again next time you're in changsha .
yes , it's been marvelous . it really was very kind of you to invite me . i hope it hasn't been too much trouble .
the great wall is a great attraction for visitors .
someone claimed it was one of the two man-made wonders that could be seen on the moon .
it's a man-made wonder . i've seen it many times in textbooks and it's part of my dream to visit it .
that's true .
i ' m forming a music band .
uh ... yeah ! i ' ve told you a thousand times that i ' m learning to play the drums . now that i know how to play well , i would like to form a rock band .
we have a guy who plays guitar , and another who plays bass . although we still haven ' t found anyone to be our singer . you told me that you had some musical talent , right ?
perfect . so you can audition this weekend here at my house .
do you already know how to play an instrument ?
aside from yourself , who are the other members of the band ?
yes , i ' m a singer .
great ! wait here ? you don ' t have enough room for the amplifiers , microphones or even your drums ! by the way where do you keep them or practice ?
what would you like for christmas ?
have you asked santa ?
i would like to have that new style gl joe .
yes and i've written him a letter .
lili , let ' s take a vacation !
well , lili , we can visit different places in the state in our van 10 . we are not going to take a plane or stay at a hotel this time . trust me , it won ' t cost much .
in the van .
let ' s see . gas , food , recreation , we won ' t spend much . come on . don ' t hesitate . we need to get out of the house once in a while . we have been working hard , haven ' t we ?
the sooner the better ! i can ' t wait !
as long as we ' re going , you can decide where to go . i trust your judgments . i know you miss chinese food , so we can eat at a chinese restaurant this time .
you have such good ideas !
george , how can we ? vacations cost money . and this month we don ' t have much money left after paying the rent .
where will we sleep , then ?
what about other expenses ?
maybe you ' re right . when do you plan to go ?
oh , i don ' t know where we ' re going yet .
let ' s go to chicago . we can have lunch in chinatown . then we can go to a ball game at wrigley field !
what date will our field trip be on ?
yes , i will make note of that .
i will be there half an hour early .
yes , someone is picking me up .
not at the moment -- maybe later , though .
the science field trip is next monday at 8 o'clock in the morning . do you want to make note of that on your calendar ?
next monday is december 2nd . the buses will leave at 8 , but we must begin loading at 7
you might want to tell whoever is picking you up that you will return on december 8th . do you have a ride ?
to get back to campus by 8
all of the extra information that you need is on the bulletin board in the hallway . see you on monday !
the acting of this film is marvelous in spite of the thin plot .
i don't think there's any excuse for his acting in some parts .
i'm sorry for hero .
don't be too critical . we can't expect it to be perfect .
how was your business trip ?
great - they wined and dined us all week .
nice to meet you here . how come you dropped into this company today ?
two years or so .
no , in most cases i don't have to unless there is something urgent to deal with . i work five days a week .
it is hard to say . but i've to start by working as a trainee before i really become an experienced marketing assistant . sometimes , i am really under great pressure when it gets busy .
luckily not . the silent i meet are generally very friendly and have a good boss .
my boss sent me here to take some business documents back to his office . i didn't know you were working here . what a surprise . how long have you been doing this ?
that is great . do you have to work the night shift ?
do you enjoy work here ?
take it easy . i'm sure you will gain enough experience while working as a marketing assistant . i hope you haven't been given much trouble in the job .
glad to hear that .
scientists have found a second solar system in the universe .
it's just a system like ours , with a star and a number of planets going around it .
it's exciting news ! if we find a second solar system , we might find a second earth !
yes ! isn't that exciting ?
what's the second solar system ?
is this good news or bad news ?
you mean with people on it ?
why didn't you tell me you had a girlfriend ?
but you should tell me you were in love with her .
you know you didn't .
yes , but you might have told me before .
you can't be serious . how dare you not tell me you are going to marry her ?
oh , you men ! you are all the same .
sorry , i thought you knew .
didn't i ?
well , i am telling you now .
i didn't think you would be interested .
sorry , i didn't think it mattered .
how was the movie last night ?
mary said that she was really pleased with the photography .
she liked the acting , too , because that's what she wanted to see .
nothing is to your satisfaction .
i didn't really like it .
i found it very disappointing .
i wasn't happy with it .
honey , i ' ll be right back !
i told you already ! i ' m going to get my nails done .
well , first of all , i like to pamper myself , and my nails look great . you should come with me !
they don ' t only paint my nails ! the manicurist will remove my cuticles , file my nails , and apply at least nails coats of nail polish !
where are you going ?
again ? you just went last week ! you spend more time at the nail salon than you do here at home ! honestly , why do you need a manicure every week ?
why ? i don ' t want to have nail polish or anything like that !
yeah , sounds like something i should definitely do .
good afternoon !
i'm very well , thank you . how are you ?
yes , it's beautiful , but it's also very hot .
what's the weather like in your country ?
where do you live ?
here . near this school .
good afternoon ! sit down , please . how are you ?
very well too , thank you very much . isn ' t it a lovely day ?
yes .
mm ... it's quite warm now .
in london . where do you live ?
i ' ve had it ! i ' m done working for a company that is taking me nowhere !
that ' s exactly what i am going to do ! i ' ve decided to create my own company ! i ' m going to write up a business plan , get some investors and start working for myself !
well , no , it can ' t be that hard ! i mean , all you have to do is explain your business , how you are going to do things and that ' s it , right ?
well , that seems easy enough .
geez . is that all ?
umm . i think i ' ll just stick to my old job and save myself all the hassle of trying to start up a business !
so what are you gonna do ? just quit ?
have you ever written up a business plan before ?
you couldn ' t be more wrong ! a well written business plan will include an executive summary which highlights the idea of the business in two pages or less . then you need to describe your company with information such as what type of legal structure it has , history , etc .
wait , there ' s more ! then you need to introduce and describe your goods or services . what they are and how they are different from competitors ' ? then comes the hard part , a market analysis . you need to investigate and analyze hundreds of variables ! you need to take into consideration socioeconomic factors from gdp per capita to how many children on average the population has ! all this information is useful so that you can move on to your strategy and implementation stage , where you will describe in detail how you will actually execute your idea .
almost , the most important piece of information for your investors will be the financial analysis . here you will calculate and estimate sales , cash flow and profits . after all , people will want to know when they will begin to see a return on their investment !
i hear that mary got mad .
what ' s wrong with her ?
so i heard .
she went over the edge after her son was killed in an accident .
um , what will you do this weekend ?
a movie ? sure . do you know what's on right now ?
ok . maybe you should invite your sister along , too .
how about a movie ? we haven't done that for a while .
no . why don't you check out the newspaper ?
what ' s on tv tonight ?
wait a second . i want to watch ally mcneal .
no it ' s not . it ' s just funny .
well , you just want to watch dark angel because of the hot girl .
it ' s story is just an excuse to get the girl dressed up in different tight outfits .
no way . i ' m watching ally mcneal . go to john ' s to watch the game .
not much , that new reality-tv show , ally mcneal , oooo , dark angel .
oh , come on . that ' s such a girl ' s show .
yeah , if you ' re a girl .
that ' s not true . dark angel is a good show .
o . k . , o . k . let ' s forget it . there ' s a football game on too .
it ' s really terrible !
don ' t you see many parents are forcing there children ' s hands to learn something they think important to their children . but the children are not interested in it at all .
what are you talking about ?
you said it . many parents just don ' t know how to educate their children .
sarah , what did you do today ?
did you buy anything ?
what did you buy ?
yeah , i like it a lot . it's very pretty . where did you buy it ?
was it expensive ?
that's cheap .
i don't think you'll need to wear it for a while . it's been really hot lately .
i went shopping .
yes , i bought a few things .
i bought this coat . do you like it ?
at the mall on 5th street .
no , it wasn't expensive . it was on sale for 20 dollars .
i know . it was a really good deal .
hi , victor . how are you ?
so , are you going to go to class tonight ?
really ? what's the matter ?
listen . come with me to class , and after class we can go out for dinner .
oh , i'm fine .
maybe ... but i don't think so .
i don't know . i'm just feeling a little sad .
now that's a good idea . thanks a lot , brian . i'm feeling better already .
how's john doing ?
he can barely make ends meet .
the phoenix team overpowered its counterpart 86 to 50 .
if the phoenix beats the rocket , it will enter the final .
they're absolutely right to get a replacement for 21 .
no way , if it still has 21 .
what's that book you have under your arm ?
how in the world did you get a copy ? i've put a hold on it at the public library for weeks and i'm still waiting my turn .
is it really worth paying for ?
if it's any good , i'll buy a copy when it comes out in the pocket edition .
it's the best seller everyone's been talking about for the last six months .
i checked it out of the rental library . it only costs five cents a day .
i can't tell yet . i haven't got beyond the first chapter .
come on , you are left behind !
you just need more exercise .
i don't care . i want to burn up my fat .
why ?
but i want to burn up more calories !
really ? i will slow down then .
wow , i can't catch my breath . you are running too fast , honey .
yes , but you need to slow down . this is jogging , not racing !
but running so fast is not good for people over forties .
we are not as athletic as we were when young . mild exercise is more suitable for us .
in fact , in order to burn up your fat , you must take it slowly for a longer time .
hello , daisy , how are you doing ?
i have been spending a lot of time watching movies at home , so you wouldn't have seen me . recently , i've been obsessed with horror films .
yeah , you are right i used to not watch horror films , but after seeing silence of the lamb with mike last month , i fell in love with them .
but it's really exciting .
basically . you'll watch any type of movie except horror .
i think you should have a try someday . maybe you'll change your mind .
fine , thank you . i haven ' t seen you for quite some time . what have you been up to recently ?
oh , how can you be infatuated with horror films ? they're so scary .
it's amazing . but if i were you , i wouldn't have the courage to watch the first one .
maybe , but i would rather watch romance , science fiction , crime or even disaster movie instead of a horror picture . i wouldn't dare sleep at night after watching one .
yep .
maybe . after all , i am grown up now .
it's hard to be optimistic about things with the way the economy's headed ... the trade deficit is getting larger , consumption's down , i really think we're headed for a recession .
increasing exports would weaken the currency . i think the main point is economic growth . we need more jobs . factories have outsourced and moved many jobs to foreign countries . the result is an increase in unemployment in our own country , lower consumption , lower production , and an overall feeble economy . if more people are working , it will give the economy a boost .
the economy has been stagnant for a while now . we've been in a recessive state for several months already . what worries me the most is the trade deficit . i think the government should do more to encourage exports .
it's true that we should do something about unemployment , but what about inflation ? if unemployment falls , there's pressure to increase pay . that would result in inflation , which would result in a much less dynamic economy .
are you an art aficionado ?
i love going to art galleries , particularly when one is holding an exhibition of abstract art .
art isn ' t for everyone . i ' m going to an exhibition tomorrow at the national gallery . it ' s an exhibition of greek and roman sculpture .
i thought i ' d have an early lunch and go immediately afterwards . does that sound ok to you ? bus 51 goes directly there .
let ' s meet at 12 thirty . it will probably take us three or four hours to see all of the exhibits .
not really . i like going to an art exhibition once or twice a year . i hardly know anything about art or sculpture . you are a true art lover , aren ' t you ?
i never understand the meaning of those painting . they are too abstract for me . i didn ' t pay much attention in art class at school .
i like sculpture , especially that from ancient rome or greece . what time are you thinking of going ? i ' d love to go with you .
that sounds fine . what time shall we meet at the bus stop ?
what does your mother do , may i ask ?
is she busy ?
my mother works in a company as an accountant .
not always , she's rather busy at the end of the year .
hello , bessie .
my birthday ? i forgot it , thank you for remembering my birthday .
thanks a lot . i'm so touched .
thank you very much .
hello , jack . happy birthday !
i'd like to offer you my congratulations on your birthday and best wishes for your future happiness , good health and continued success . i've asked the fairy flowers to send you a bunch of flowers . i hope you'll like them .
now let me sing " happy birthday " for you .
nice day , isn't it ?
it's a good day for a picnic .
it sure is .
why don't you sit down and relax , darling ?
well , come over and talk to me then .
may i turn on the tv then ?
so that we can sit down together and listen to some music .
i will , but let's go to the disco after dinner .
i don't want to .
certainly not .
turn on the tv for what ?
listen to the music ? and who will cook dinner , will you ?
to a disco ? oh , no . you know i hate it .
diane grant ? i haven't seen you for ages !
pretty good . say , you've really changed !
well , you look great ! how are you ?
that's terrific !
brian ! how have you been ?
oh , well , i've lost some weight . and my hair is longer than before .
i'm doing really well . i got married about three years ago . i have two kids now .
how is your new dormitory ?
well , do you all major in the same subject ?
that's great !
it's very nice . there are only four people , and those girls are very kind and friendly .
no , the other three girls major in a computer science , and they can help me a lot with the computer operating .
peter , how often do you exercise ?
now , tell me , what do you eat ?
do you eat a lot of vegetables ?
what do you drink ?
well , i swim and run every day .
well , i don't eat any meat , but i do eat fish and eggs .
oh yes , and fruit , i love fruit .
well , i never drink alcohol , coffee or tea . they are very bad for you .
what ' s the mountaineering club doing this weekend ?
how hard is the climb ?
what did you do last week ?
wow ! that sounds like a lot of fun . i ' m sorry i missed it .
yeah , i will . see you then !
we are going to climb a cliff on the colorado river .
it is a very difficult climb because there are not many places to put your hands and feet .
we rappelled down the side of 300 - foot cliff . it was very exciting .
well , you should come this weekend . i think you could do the climb .
o . k . see you .
how many languages can you speak ?
how well can you speak them ?
can you help me to translate these sentences into german now ?
i can speak french and german .
i can speak german quite well , but i can't speak french very well .
no , but i'll be able to tomorrow .
gross ! what are you doing to yourself ?
it looks like some kind of primitive form of torture .
well , you might pinch your eyelid ! or lose an eyeball !
chill ! i'm just curling my eyelashes .
you're such a wimp ! you're afraid of an eyelash curler .
it just makes my eyelashes curl upwards .
do you really have to work today ?
but you'll miss out on the football game .
yes . i'm afraid so .
oh . well , it can't be helped .
how smart of you to book the tickets before hand !
of course , otherwise you ' ll just have to wait for hours .
oh , do you really think so ?
but i just got a call from my sister and i have to cancel the movie tonight .
i had an accident .
that's terrible !
i found a new job after all , and i like this one even better than the last .
you see ? every cloud has a silver lining .
tom , i won first prize in the poetry contest .
really ! here's my trophy .
come on ! you're pulling my leg .
wow ! congratulations !
what a beautiful watch . it goes very well with your ring .
is that your wedding ring ?
well , congratulations . when is the big date ?
did you have the watch before getting the ring ?
you did a fabulous job with the selection . it's gorgeous .
what kind of watch is it ?
if you don't mind me asking , how much do they cost ?
that's why it looks so nice . i should have figured . you always get what you pay for .
thank you .
i'm not married yet . it's my engagement ring .
in june .
actually , we bought the ring together after i got the watch .
thank you so much .
it's a tag heer .
this one is $ 1500 . but they range from $ 600 to $ 3000 .
yeah . i would rather get one nice watch instead of 20 mediocre ones .
i'm really mad at bob .
what for ? ( why ? )
hi , jack , how have you been ?
why ? looks like you're feeling very down ! what happened ?
come on . for a man who's feeling so , down , there're usually two reasons . either his career is going downhill , or he has a broken heart . since you're so successful , it must be the latter .
oh , i'm sorry . i thought you two were made for each ocher .
well , she is not to blame . it's always difficult to choose between career and family .
jack , i don't know what to say to comfort you , but cheer up ! there are plenty of fish in the sea and you'll find your soul mate , your perfect match !
not very well .
nothing .
well , you're right . i just broke up with jane .
well , you never know . i'm ready for a commitment and want to settle down , but she says she wants to pursue her career while she's still young .
maybe you're right .
yeah , but it's hard to forget her at moment . you know , we were together for almost five years . it's really hard ...
do you know sally ?
why is she still single ? she must have a face that would stop clock .
sally . she is a bachelor girl . she is an excellent designer . many of the company's advertisements are her child trains .
oh , quite the other way round . she is a knock-out . she devotes much of her time to her career .
excuse me . do you have the time ?
is it ? oh , no . the concert will begin in twenty minutes . are we too late to get there ?
my watch is a few minutes fast . it's about six forty , i think .
if we start now , we can make it by taxi .
did you watch the volleyball match last night ?
who won ?
what is the score ?
wonderful .
yeah .
china .
china beat brazil three to zero .
what do you mean ? if he was a good programmer , he should have been raking it in .
again ?
ouch .
the boss wanted to pay bob with stock options . but bob didn't want to play that game again .
at his last start-up , bob worked for stock and no salary . they folded and he made zip .
now he only works freelance . hundred bucks an hour .
you mustn't touch the wet paint , bill .
try to be more careful in future . look ! you've damaged the sign .
it says no smoking here .
i'm sorry . i won't do it again .
is this the sign ? what does it says ?
good morning . i ' m from the new york book review . could i ask you some questions about your latest book ?
first , i ' ve heard that your latest book is based on a true story .
how do you research your books ?
i really like your books . i ' ve just finished this one . i read it from cover to cover in a single day . congratulation on making the bestseller list yet again !
oh ! thank you very much . i heard that you are currently writing a collection of short stories . what are the stories about ?
thanks very much . i ' m sure it will sell well . i can ' t wait to read it . here ' s my card . thank you for you time .
sure . take a seat ... what would you like to know ?
that ' s correct . it ' s a murder mystery based on actual murders that book place in florida several years ago . the main character-the police invesigator-is based on the man who investigated the case .
i always visit the places that i use as setting for stories . readers like things to be as factually correct as possible-even in fiction ! i usually base my characters on people i have met . most character are a mixture of the characters of two or more people .
thank you . let met sign it for you ... there you go .
there ' s a real mix of stories in the book . i haven ' t finished all of them yet , though . many of them are short detective stories , but there are also horror stories and sci-fi ones . if you give me your business card , i ' ll make sure you get an advance copy to review .
what shall i call him ?
what's he doing ?
oh , you may call him uncle , or henry .
he's checking bags . he ' s an official in the customs .
for the 100th anniversary of the opening of the library we are going to have a party .
i hoped you would be willing to brainstorm with me for party ideas .
perfect . it will be open to the public and we anticipate roughly about five to seven hundred people .
yes . and we checked with the city and we have permission to use the park adjacent to the library .
that's a wonderful way to celebrate this grand old library !
that is right up my alley . you say party and i'm there .
will it be an all day event ?
that was quick thinking .
i'm so glad i bought this watch !
i think this is the coolest watch i've ever owned .
isn't that a silly question ? you know how much of an athlete i am .
well , surfing , scuba diving ...
cool ! flashy red lines !
is it waterproof ?
uh , huh ... so what kind of sports do you need a waterproof watch for ?
do you take a bus to and from work ?
hmm . i have the same problem . when i leave work , it ' s always rush hour . so the buses are always crowded .
that sounds terrible the way you describe it . but you know , not long ago i really suffered on the bus .
you just can ' t imagine ! i waited for the first bus but it was too full , so i waited for the second , and it was still very crowded . then i decided not to wait for the next one , and got on the second bus . it was so full that i had to stand on one foot ! no kidding !
yeah , absolutely !
you were so happy , weren ' t you ?
yeah , everyday . and there ' s only one choice . all the other buses are going the other direction .
oh , yeah , it ' s terrible . i will tell you the funniest thing i have seen in china . it ' s when so many people try to get onto one city bus , and the last guy is squeezed in so tight that the door is tightly pressed against his butt .
what happened ? were you having a hard time getting on a bus ?
hmm . good exercise , uh ?
and it ' s so much fun . one day , the bodies were so tightly packed that some girl ' s behind was pressed against my front . i was afraid to put my hands down for fear of accidentally groping her .
what do you think ? i ' m a good boy .
we are going to have a picnic tomorrow at the picnic center .
now let's get things ready .
that's much more convenient . we don't even have to bring the flavorings .
that's great .
don't worry . there are all kinds of things in the center .
look ! mom , that's amazing ! i can't believe the girls have so neat movements .
and all their movements are so elegant . it seems like dancing in the water .
there you go ! daddy has told me that water ballet is also called synchronized swimming .
wow , mom is more knowledgeable than dad . i must learn from you .
ok , you're the boss . look , mom , one guy has just jumped into the swimming pool .
yeah , they all received very strict training . a minute on the stage takes ten-year practice .
exactly , you know , water ballet puts dancing , music and swimming together .
that's my boy ! katherine curtis created this activity in 1920 . and in 1984 , it was authorized as one activity in olympic games .
my little boy , you should learn more from me . i'm almost thirty years older than you .
oh , my god . it's so dangerous . and he might break his leg . you mustn't do anything like that .
it seems that nobody in your class likes paul .
as a teacher , i don ' t know how to help him .
the boy is good for nothing .
he is hopeless .
hey rachael , what's up ? how is your day ?
oh , yea . i forgot . so how did it go ?
great , so what happens now ?
not bad . we have had a big meeting today , remember ?
pretty well . i think the boss liked my ideas .
well , i have to write the proposal . i'm pretty excited about it .
do you believe in ufos ?
but i never saw them .
you mean that you can them .
they come to the earth ?
aliens from the outer space ? do you talk to them ? what do they look like ?
that means that you talk to them ? in which language ?
wow . sounds fantastic !
of course , they are out there .
are you stupid ? they are called ufos , so not everybody can see them .
that's right . i can see them in my dreams .
no . their task is to send the aliens here from the outer space .
ok , ok , one by one , please ! they look like robots , but they can speak . their mission is to make friends with human beings .
of course in english , they learn english on mars too .
you look so happy , anna . any good news ?
really ? congratulations !
by the way , would you like to have dinner with me tomorrow evening ? tomorrow is my birthday .
not so soon . it ' s not my birthday today . well , you ' ll come , won ' t you ?
my pleasure .
yes . i ' ve won the first prize in the math contest .
thank you , paul .
good , happy birthday to you !
sure , i will . thank you for inviting me .
do you have a minute ?
sure . what's up ?
hey , may , look , is that the the poster of the movie we saw yesterday ?
may , i really regret watching it with you last night .
of course not . i just thought the movie was ... boring .
well , i admit . the ghosts were scary .
that's gucci's influence . i love science fiction movies !
don't call me kid . i am a grownup .
of course ! i can watch them without you !
yes , that's right . that's the poster of the the witch .
did it scare you ?
boring ? come on , you clutched to my arm all the time .
i like scary movies .
of course you do . they are silly stories just for little kids like you .
do you dare watch scary movies with me tonight ?
oh , really ?
what is your nationality ?
where is your domicile place ?
i am chinese by birth .
my domicile place is hebes province .
i know you have a son . how old is he ?
who is looking after him ?
you really are lucky !
he's going to turn six next month .
my mother-in - law . she retired last year .
yeah , i know .
say , what's your favorite sport ?
do you play much tennis ?
sorry . i'm strictly a spectator-football , baseball , basketball , golf ... i watch them all .
mmmm ... it's hard to say . i like golf a lot-but i guess i like tennis better .
yes , quite a bit . how about a game sometime ?
so janet , do you do any sports ?
yeah , how often do you go ?
not bad ! do you do any other sports ?
well , i go to the gym a lot . i am a member of a gym nearby .
about three times a week if i can .
not really . i ' d really like to try golf , though .
hello , ken .
have you just been to the cinema ?
what ' s on ?
oh , i ' ve already seen it . i saw it on television last year . it ' s an old film , but it ' s very good .
yes , i have . i was there in april .
it was spring , but the weather was awful . it rained all the time .
hello , george .
yes , i have .
paris in the spring .
paris is a beautiful city . i have never been there . have you ever been there , ken ?
paris in the spring , eh ?
just like dear old london !
they got a divorce at last .
you said it . love but on the sand will soon be on the rocks .
it's inevitable . their love wasbuilt on the sand , and this is why their marriage has landed on the rocks .
that give us a good lesson .
where are you going ?
what's wrong with her .
congratulations to you .
i'll accompany my wife to the hospital .
she is expecting .
thank you .
i can ' t stand being with you anymore . i'm sick of your drinking .
how many chances have i given you ? i don ' t trust you any more .
i swear never to drink again . just give me another chance , please !
you know how hard i've tried to give up drinking ? i ' d be lost without you . i won ' t let you go anyway .
are there any interesting stories in the newspaper today ?
was it caused accidentally or naturally ? sometimes it gets so hot that fires begin naturally in australia and africa .
what is the international community doing to help ?
how many countries have been affected ?
i saw on the tv yesterday that there has been another earthquake in iran .
does the newspaper say anything about casualties ?
there are a few stories about natural disasters . there is a massive forest fire in australia . it covers several square kilometers of land has destroyed many more square kilometers .
nobody knows at the moment , but it has been very hot there recently . the drought in africa is causing starvation . millions of people have migrated to try and find food .
the european union has sent several plants with relief supplies . several countries have sent soldiers to distribute food and medical supplies . refugee camps have been set up across the region .
six have been seriously affected , but the refugees are also migrating to several surrounding countries .
yes . there have been a few there recently . they say that this one was not a big quake . the iranians are dealing with it on their own . they have purchased some special equipment to find people buried u
so far , less than 20 people have died , but over 100 are in hospital .
is this a photo of your family ?
you look so lovely .
yes , it is . it was taken just before i was leaving for college .
how time flies ! i'll not see twenty again .
i heard you've found a new job .
so you're quite happy with your new job ?
yes , i'm now working in a company .
right . i enjoy what i'm doing .
would you come to spend the weekend with us ?
that ' s too bad .
oh , i ' m afraid i can ' t . i ' ve had a date already .
may be some other time .
you received a letter in the mail .
who ' s the letter from ?
i want to know what it says .
are you serious ?
are you okay ?
i am really sorry to hear that .
give it here .
i think it ' s my acceptance letter from nyu .
they didn ' t accept me .
it ' s the truth .
i really wanted to get into nyu .
it ' s okay . i ' m still waiting to hear from ucla anyway .
why are you so quiet ?
you must feel terrible now .
i remember my first break up . it was the worst feeling in the world . i was crying everyday for three months . and slowly , it got better . i know you'll feel better too .
yeah . i remember it very clearly . the pain makes it easy to remember . i know you're really hurting right now , but you know many people experience break ups .
i know it's painful , but it's only temporary . after the pain goes away , you'll find other girls .
you'll change your mind . look at everyone in the world . they all break up and move on . the faster you understand this , the quicker you will recover .
i also know you must still have strong feelings for her , but try to think of all the bad things . you know she didn't treat you that well . is that the person you want to spend the rest of your life with ?
i'll give you a call later . we should hang out . it's good to be around people .
my girlfriend just broke up with me .
yeah .
you've been through this too ?
but it hurts too much .
what if i don't want to find another girl ?
you're right .
yeah . thanks for the talk .
ok . i'll talk to you later .
excuse me , what do you want for this bag ?
would you take $ 12 ?
13 . 50 ?
let me see . the one goes for $ 17 .
no , i can ' t let you have it for 12 . how about 14 ?
sorry , $ 14 is the lowest i can go .
i ' m afraid i spoke in all of the table clock .
i ' m terribly sorry , won ' t you let me pay for ?
never mind about that .
no , i won ' t hear of it .
a :: mr clinton , it's nice to see you again .
a :: very well . how's mrs clinton ?
nice to see you again , too . peter . how's your family ?
not bad , but she's as busy as before .
whatever we do , we should do it above board .
well , since you agree with me , we should put the issue above board instead of talking about through other channels .
you are right . we shouldn't do anything under the table .
morning , zina . just wanted to say thanks again !
oh , yeah . i'm glad you mentioned that . i think we need to hire somebody new to manage it .
i think he's got too much on his plate .
hi , vince . thanks for stopping by . how's the work coming along for the online auction ?
can't elvin handle it ?
this is the best dinner i've ever had .
i've never tasted anything better .
how about the soup ?
how nice of you to say so .
hey nick , what are you up to ?
seriously ? you mean to fire a real weapon ? i don ' t know man .
yeah that would be cool ! maybe i can also have a try at other weapons like a machine gun or a shotgun ! maybe even a rocket launcher or an anti tank missile ! or what about a flame thrower !
wow , i didn ' t know ! it always looks so cool and easy in the movies !
let ' s do it !
not much , just heading over to the shooting range . you wanna come ?
yeah , it will be fun ! i have a 9mm pistol that is really easy to shoot . i also have a revolver that ' s really fun too ! they have big targets at the range that we could use to practice and improve your aim .
whoa , take it easy there rambo . don ' t get carried away . these weapons are not toys , and you must first learn how to handle them properly . there are basic rules that you must abide by in order to be safe . for example , never handle a weapon that you haven ' t inspected yourself . always make sure there isn ' t anything in the chamber , and never put your finger on the trigger unless you are ready to shoot !
the reality is different you know , running and firing a weapon is a lot harder than in the movies ! so are you ready ?
hi , jim . how are you ? i haven ' t seen you for a while .
where were you ?
i ' m fine . i ' ve been out of town . i just got back .
i was in new york for a wedding .
broadway mall is having a big sale this weekend . you wanna go ?
well , we can still do some window shopping , can't we ?
i'll go myself then .
don't feel like it . i'm broke .
just look around ? ah , that's boring .
what's the problem , nada ? you look down in the dumps .
come on , nothing can be that bad .
ok , i promise . so what's troubling you so much ?
really ? is he married ?
then what's your problem ?
oh , i see . office romance tends to be the subject of gossip .
office romance is very tricky .
cheer up , nada . you'll be fine .
i don't know . my life is a big mess . everything is so complicated .
but promise me , you'll keep it a secret .
i've fallen in love with my boss .
no , of course not . he is still single .
i try to keep it to myself . but there is a lot of gossip about us .
worse still , he is trying to avoid me these days .
it gives me a lot of pressure and i feel depressed .
you're not looking happy . what's the matter ?
with the job ?
a good suggestion for you . you need a holiday .
what do you mean ?
you need a holiday . that's what's the matter .
oh , nothing special . i'm just a bit tired .
with everything , with everybody , with all this !
it wasn't always like this , you know .
well , i mean . we always do the same thing . there's no variety in our lives .
certainly , perhaps .
i wonder what he looks like . oh , i can't wait to see him ! his email said he'd be wearing a white hat . ( looking around for him ) oh , there is .
logan ! why on earth are you hiding here ? white hat ! come on ! don't tell me you're the guy ! it can't be true .
what a bummer ! you set me up ?
how dare you ! ( starts to walk off )
why did you lie to me in the email ?
i should have known it was you . no wonder all the 20 questions were answered correctly . i thought i might have found the one for me .
hey , isabelle ...
yes , i am the guy .
let me explain . i didn't mean to hurt you ...
hang on one second . hear me out , just this once , isabella !
i didn't lie . you just didn't ask me my real name .
i'm sorry . it was cruel of me . but i promise it will never happen again ? look , there's a nice restaurant . let me take you to dinner and we can talk things over .
peter , how often do you exercise ?
now , tell me , what do you eat ?
do you eat a lot of vegetables ?
what do you drink ?
what do you drink ?
well , i swim and run every day .
well , i don't eat any meat , but i do eat fish and eggs .
oh yes , and fruit , i love fruit .
well , i never drink alcohol , coffee or tea . they are very bad for you .
did you watch the volleyball match last night ?
who won ?
what was the score ?
wonderful !
yeah .
china .
china beat brazil 3 to 0 .
even if our company didn't have a dress code , i still think people would wear formal clothing to work .
maybe that's true for some positions , but i think the marketing and sales staff would definitely not agree . they dress for success ! you can't go out on a sales call if you are dressed in jeans . it's just not respectful to you client .
it's not as simple as that . people judge you by your appearance , whether you like it or not . so dressing professional is being professional . the image that you portray to others is so important in business . it's your image and how others perceive you that makes the difference between landing or losing a sale .
i wouldn't be so sure ... people want to wear what they feel most comfortable in .
i think what you wear is so overrated . i would rather have a down-to-earth , honest and solid sales person than a painted , patent leather , designer suite salesman .
maybe you're right , but i'll take my sneakers and jeans any day !
isn't it wonderful walking here ?
i mean look at all these magnificent buildings around us .
it's quite famous but don't you think it looks a bit old-fashioned ?
what other important buildings are we going to see on fifth avenue ?
what's there after that ?
what are they all for ?
what do you mean ?
yes , look over there . that's the empire state building . my book says it's 102 stories tall .
you're right , but when it was built in 1930 it was a marvel of technology and engineering .
quite a number . actually every skyscraper has a history . a few blocks ahead we'll see st . patrick ' s cathedral and just across the street will be the world-renowed rockefeller center . it's a landmark in the history of architecture .
well then , there's a central park . facing the park on fifth avenue is probably some of the most expensive properties in the world .
most of them are office buildings , huge department stores , and hotels but some are just private homes . new york is one of the financial centers of the world . and there are lots of very expensive places .
hey kevin , what are you doing here ? don't you usually spend tuesday nights at home studying ?
what did she tell them ? is she dropping out of college ?
and your parents took it badly ?
ouch , that sounds bad . what did your sister do ?
how long has your sister been with her boyfriend ?
really ? then i guess living together would be a good idea .
well , these days too many people are getting divorced . if they live together , then at least they're finding out if they're really compatible or not .
i needed to get out of the house . my parents just went ballistic over something my older sister told them .
nothing that serious . she finally told them that she moved out of the dormitory a few months ago and has been living with her boyfriend .
that's putting it mildly . my father started shouting at my sister and my mother just glared at her .
she started arguing back to my dad that how much she loves her boyfriend , how they're in love and it's not hurting anybody , and so on . my dad said she's too young to do this , and that she should move out right away .
three years . they've been dating since freshman year . they're even talking about marriage .
what do you mean ?
i guess so . better to find out now than after you're married , when it's harder to get out .
do you think they two will get married ?
i think so . yes , they get along so well .
you're right . he sure is .
yeah , you can count on it .
i like him . he's good for her .
what do you think of frank ?
why do you say that ?
he is all right . but i think he seems to have no back bone .
whatever things get tough , he gives in .
uh-oh . we don't have a flashlight .
i sure hope so .
don't worry . we'll make it back to the camp site before dark .
do you speak only english in the class , or does your teacher explain everything to you in spanish ?
i suppose she's right . does she speak english very slowly ?
it must be interesting to study english .
is english pronunciation easy or difficult ?
oh , we never speak spanish in class ! miss . parker speaks to us only in english .
not always . sometimes we don't understand her . then she has to repeat what she said .
mario and i are the best students in the class . miss . parker says that my pronunciation is very good .
sometimes it's difficult . some words look different from the way one pronounces them .
it's quiet everywhere in winter .
me too .
that's a good idea . let's go !
take care ! don't slip on the ground .
yes . very wonderful .
how lovely it is !
yes . i like winter .
it's snowing heavily . what about taking a walk ?
what a heavy snow ! look ! the water is frozen .
i've got it . i like the feeling of stepping on the ice .
there is a snowman over there .
tim's always bothering me .
just tell him off .
who are those guys ?
oh .
all right !
wow , michael jordan ' s slam-dunks are beautiful things to watch .
which team do you think will win ?
kobe bryant and shaquille o ' neal , they are the los angeles lakers ' star players .
wait a second . he shoots , he scores !
here comes jordan , though .
yeah . he ' s older , so he doesn ' t slam as much as he did when he was younger , but when he does , it ' s still amazing .
the lakers . jordan is the only good player washington has .
i am sorry to trouble you again , mr . stone .
where should i go after i arrived at the university ?
why ?
what kind of role do foreign student advisers play ?
can we get any more help at the international center ?
i see . it must be worth going to .
wonderful . it is a home for foreign students .
it's ok . what do you want to ask ?
the first place you should go is the international center .
you can get help there in dealing with the united states immigration and naturalization service ; you can find foreign student advisers .
they'll discuss personal concerns , housing , adjustment , finances and other matters with you .
yes , a lot more . if you go there just before the beginning of the fall's semester , you can get your student id and social security number there . they will keep your documents up-to-date . they will offer an orientation program for new comers . they will also help you contact your department and registration office .
besides these , the center staff also works with community organizations which provide tours , home hospitality , speaking engagements and assistance for wives of foreign students . in cooperation with nationality clubs , student associations and other organizations , the international center provides a varied program of cultural and social events throughout the year .
it sure is . they also serve tea , coffee and refreshments . the center staff members are also friendly and helpful . everyone loves them .
hi , lander . what's wrong ?
same here . i have't brought any new clothes for three months .
true . the news says that there is a general increase in the price of daily necessities .
the biggest price jump is for pork , so most people have to turn to chicken .
inflation is more than just the rising prices , i guess . but the central bank is warning about the risk of inflation .
yes . the government has banned price hikes in some key industries like energy .
you said it . i think we should tighten our budget and cut our spending .
for a start , we can take the public transport to work . you know , running a car is a big expense .
i can hardly make ends meet these days .
my income remains the same but prices just continue to rise .
definitely . i have to spend 300 yuan more on food every month .
is that inflation ?
has the government taken some measures to curb it ?
but i'm afraid the price hikes will spill over from food into other areas of the economy .
how ?
sounds a good idea .
ok , everyone . gather around . here are the rules . no tackling . no pushing .
play is stopped when the person with the ball is touched .
the touchdown lines are there and there . ok , let's play !
you shouldn't grab someone else's shirt . that's a foul .
you can touch them only between the shoulder and the knees .
before we start , let's have a moment of silence for our fallen men .
have you adapted to the lifestyle in china ?
what ?
what is it ?
that makes you feel uncomfortable ?
perhaps that's because we hold different ideas about privacy .
well , that's not rare . i've seen people reading at others ' newspaper while taking a metro or a bus .
yeah .
yeah , almost . but there is one thing .
i still wonder what privacy meant for chinese people . i don't mean to say that there's no privacy in china , but ...
some of my chinese colleagues just share their personal stories in front of others .
yeah . we never do that in a public office .
i have felt that . one day when i was in a queue , reading a newspaper story , the man behind me peered through my shoulder and stared at the newspaper i was holding .
just stare at the newspaper holding in the hands of the one next to him ?
oh , i'm shocked .
what courses did you take in college ?
which course did you like best ?
i took a lot of courses , such as philosophy , logic , ethics , aesthetics , etc .
i liked aesthetics best . it is very impressive .
hi . have you got a personal computer ?
i wonder if you often trade with others on the internet .
great ! it's just like viewless stores . but how can you shop or order on line or trade on line ?
is the service charged ?
really . i'll get a computer at once .
certainly . what's the matter ?
sure . i often buy things or do business through it without going out to the physical stores .
that's simple . just click the hyperlink , www . taobao . com or www . ebay . com , and you can see the specimen of the goods shown on the screen , and then you can place an order online with the sales company . and the goods will be delivered to your place .
no . it's free .
we are planning to go to beidaihe for vacation . do you want to go with us ?
it ' s so cool !
excuse me , is this seat taken ?
oh . is it . thank you anyway .
thank you .
i ' m afraid this seat is taken .
you ' re welcome . why don ' t you ask the conductor when he comes by ?
i prefer potatoes to eggplants .
but as a matter of fact , potatoes taste better .
i feel eggplants are more nutritious .
oh , that's how you see it .
are you sure you can't lend me five thousand dollars ?
it's a deal .
hmm ... i'll tell you what . i'll lend you four thousand dollars , but you have to pay me back next week .
where do you plan to go this winter ?
oh , yes , you like skiing .
alps , suppose .
right .
every time when heroes came back from the battlefield , we took our hats off to them .
i wish i were a hero .
you were showing respect and admiration for them .
frank ' s getting married , do you believe this ?
yes , he is . he loves the girl very much .
a girl he met on holiday in spain , i think .
not yet .
is he really ?
who is he marring ?
have they set a date for the wedding ?
ok . come back into the classroom , class .
yes , but to the heath , this break has long enough .
come on , baby . it ' s time now .
hurry up , little boy .
does the class start again , mam ?
oh , breaktime flies .
mam , another minute , could i ?
do you have any hobbies ?
oh , that ' s interesting , and but what kind of things ?
stones ? i know many people collecting coins and stamps but stones ?
well , i can ' t just imagine it .
yes , i like collecting things .
several things , for example , very coins , stamps , stones and so on .
yes , stones .
jenny , what's wrong with you ? why do you keep weeping like that ?
honey , cross my heart , i'v never looked at another woman since the first day i set my eyes on you ! believe me , that's the truth .
mary told me that she had seen you with john last night . i got to know the fact that you are playing the field .
what a nice day !
great , let's go !
exactly . you know , the sunshine and wind remind me of our honeymoon . you remember ? the island , the sound of the waves , the salty sea air and the sunshine ...
why not go again to celebrate out one-year anniversary ? we can go to the same beach , stay in the same hotel and enjoy a dinner in the same restaurant .
never mind that , i'll take care of it . are you available next week ?
ok . i'll make the arrangements . it will be great .
yes . how about going out and enjoying the sunshine on the grass ?
hey , darling , i think i might have a little heatstroke from being in the sun all day . i was so relaxed . it felt as if i were in another world .
yes , it was wonderful but it's already been a year . how time flies !
are you kidding ? can you afford it ? do you think we can get a room on such short notice ?
yeah , i think so .
wonderful ! i'll start packing our suitcases .
